 Okay, we're back. Dope. And you're recording? I am recording. Dope. I don't know why it's not up there, but I am recording. That's fine. Goddamnit! Oh, she's calling. Hey. I found dog poop downstairs. In the corner of my room. Downstairs on the carpet. Well, I got people here, but I'll call you afterward. I can't send you the picture, I already picked it up. Thanks. Bye. Okay, anyway, that's what I'm recording. Great. Alright, so where were we? Alright, so she says... Why didn't I use this to protect Sally? Yeah, why did you not use this to protect Sally? I honestly think that was more than I could have handled even as this thing. If I go down, I turn into Brigitte and all hell breaks loose. Like, I'm done for. Can you turn into me? No, it's just animals. It's just animals. That is an hardly specific power. Yeah, thinking about it, it totally is. But yeah, it's just animals. When you turn into an animal, is it whatever animal you see or any animal? It depends, and there's also the zodiacs that I've been able to transform into recently. You can... Yeah, I know. All of them? Alright, well while we're taking a short rest, I can just show you, so I turn into the stag. She turns back and begins to bow. And there's the locket, right? Yeah, the locket hangs between the horns itself. It glows with that same blue light that you recognize. Yeah. And she begins bowing and saying this kind of prayer in Old Elvish, which I don't know if you speak Elvish. I don't speak Elvish. So you don't know it. I don't think I speak Elvish. She turns back to you. Brigitte, are you there? Yeah, I transform back into myself. Oh. And I start taking a short rest. Can I talk while I'm taking a short rest? Sure, you can take a short rest and talk. Cool. I will find us something to eat. You seem to be resting. Yeah, I can do two, but then... Well, it depends on the creature, because then there's the elementals, and that just takes it out of me. That, I need to sit down afterwards. Is it possible to learn this power? I don't know. I don't know. Will you teach it to me? Uh, I can try. I don't know how at all how I do it. That makes it difficult to teach it. Yeah. I understand. I will find something to eat. You rest here. Okay. See you in a bit. Be safe. Time happens. Time comes back. Cool. So Cersei appears and she carries with her three rabbits that are dead. She cooks them for the fire, and the next day when you turn into a quince of cuddles, she hops on top and runs. Sweet! Slowly gaining trust. She gains your trust. She talks with you about her hopes and her dreams, and she talks about how she used to be a part of the cult of the reborn, and that she herself is reborn. Dang! And that when she was a child, she was sold to the church as a future acolyte, and the day that she was purchased, she was killed and revived. Oh, so it actually does work. It does work. For all of her life, she believed that she had been killed and revived. It wasn't until they found out that the royal family, the princess of the line of Machu, had gone missing. She was preaching in a back alley in Machu and reviving fish for the market. Yeah. She came across Sally, who was starving at the time, and she offered her a revived fish. Sally ate it raw right there in front of her, and she thought to herself that she needed to bring this child into the church. She speaks of the process of trying to convince her over a series of time in that instead of convincing Sally to join the church, Sally convinced her that the church was evil. And that she fled with Sally on a riverboat they found after they died at the toad altar. You previously saw... So they both fell down and then somehow... They floated down a river and ended up in a riverboat that was fleeing a mob. When they jumped on board, they realized that the royal Machu family jewel, the heart of the wild, was aboard that ship. And the rest is history. Huh. So when they were fleeing, was her dad, Sally's, was the king already dead? Jafar. Yeah. That's the uncle, right? He wears a crown, yes. But he was not the king to me. Was this before? Right. I'm talking about the real king, Sally's dad. Sally's dad. Yeah. When did he die? Was that around the same time? Around the time she went missing. It was a religious change. Seems like a really easy way to kill someone without calling it, you know, like being the crime of murder. He was not chosen to be reborn. Yeah, and I understand that's the whole religious part. I'm just saying if there's someone sinister involved at the head, they could easily... You mean Jafar, she's sweet. Yeah. They could easily... I spit. They could easily not perform the ritual and they could murder someone, but everyone would see it as a ceremony, right? Indeed. Yeah. That's sinister. Cool. He was unable to be revived in front of everyone. Right, but did they try? Jafar himself performed the ceremony. Does he usually perform ceremonies? He performed the ceremony on himself. Oh, okay. And was risen afterward. Weird. That also seems weird. It is. Does anyone usually perform the ceremony on themselves? It's strange that you say this. There is a human. Really? Well, he has elven attributes, though six fingers on his left hand. Really? That's very interesting. What does he call himself? Edward. Edward. Zael. Zael. And what is Varus' dude's name? Ned Zalok. Ned Zalok. Cool. That's really cool. I really need to find Varus now, really badly. Okay. I think he's from Vodrum, if you know what that is. I do not. This is the land of death. Yeah. How do you know that? He speaks as if he has been through much. Yeah. So we have a companion who's from another world, and we've been to this other world, and it's a parallel universe of Mordov, and it's called Vodrum. Let's see what... I'm just gonna give that a second to see good. You have eaten too many mushrooms. Yeah, wait until you meet Varus. He'll explain it better, but I think he's looking for Ned or Edward, whatever the fuck his name is. Did you steal that from a book by Brian Jockwas? I do not know what you're talking about. Okay, never mind. What did Brian Jockwas write? Redwall, but he also did one called The Castaways of the Flying Dutchman, and that same thing happened to the main character. Oh really? Oh shit. Yeah. It's really cool. I love that stuff happens. It means it's all right writing. Okay, so... It's Ben and Ned. Oh cool. Really? Nedward? No, he's joking. Go away. Okay, that is very interesting. When did he show up? About a few years ago? Yeah, this is true. Okay, that falls in line with the timeline. I'm so glad I took this journey. Okay. I do not know how long I would have waited at the city gates. Apparently decades is what some of the guards told me. I have not been there that long. I know. I am not that patient. Apparently some of them have. But we can use them is the thing, because they're loyal to the king. They are. Yeah, so when we come back we'll talk to them. And hopefully we'll find some use for them. Hopefully they are still there. Hopefully they are still there. And we have enough coin, because I assume that they'll want to be paid. Yeah. The life of someone who has been cast out from Machu is not easy. I can't imagine it would be. Is one of hardship. Yeah, I was cast out from my home village, I get it. What's your advantage is this? Oh, it's some small podunk town. You wouldn't know it. It's next to the Avalon forest. This small podunk town is wrong to have thrown you away. Yeah, well, as you saw, it's a little freaky when I become an animal. It is something that one gets used to over time. You would think so, but not when villagers think that I'm evil and they want to kill me. Because I can transform. No, I'm not evil, I promise. Then these villagers are wrong and backwards. Thank you. That's very sweet. The Avalon forest holds cousins of Machu. Yeah? An older civilization. Oh, yeah. I have had run-ins with them. We didn't get along. That is a shame. It is. They are our hope. Okay, well maybe we'll go back there. Sally's lying. The loyalty comes from there. Okay. Well, I'm not opposed to letting bygones be bygones. I certainly wasn't myself then. So, yeah, maybe that would be another step in the journey. Hopefully, Don't Pass is a quick step. Yeah, well, we're going to go to Konki Abbey. I do wish we had time for Avalon forest, but in real life I don't think we do. Probably not. Yeah, so Don Pass and then I want to at least get an idea of some of the rumors at Konki Abbey. It's going to be a quick trip and then we can go set up the grove and maybe Varus will be there by the time I get there, but probably not. Let's find out. Because Brigitte doesn't know that. It's been five months. All right, so you make your way over to Don Pass and the next two days go rather uneventfully. You see a lot of creatures that you previously had seen before. You see some... Don Pass itself is nestled between a series of mountains. So if you were looking for like a ram or a goat or if it was of that nature, you're certainly welcome to pick one of those. Why not? That giant ram might be helpful. Is that a thing? I don't know. Let's find out. However, as you make your way... Oh, I have no internet. Oh yeah, because I don't have internet. Sorry. It's cool. You make your way over towards that direction. You find yourself very quickly in an urban area. The urban area, the urban sprawl spreads out maybe five, ten miles out from the greater Don Pass. There are nestlings of these outer suburbs, especially on the forest side. There are a number of lumber camps that are over... Cave bear? Oh, an owl bear? Cave bear. Cave bear, yeah. Sweet, let's do cave bear. You find a cave bear on your way over. Can't... No. Done. All right, so the outcropings on the outside of this city are interesting to say the least. One thing you notice very quickly is that the trees in this area are young, maybe two to three years max. There is a whole grove of them that has just recently been planted. Does that look like a magical planting? No, but it does seem planned. Okay. And as you get closer and closer, you can see that there are goblins in this area. Okay. And the goblins themselves are meticulously maintaining some form of mechanical device. Okay. They are doing so in order to... Ah, we gotta cut this one down! That one, that's not on today's schedule, that's next week's schedule. Ah, fine, fine, and that's the way you wanna do it. You wanna work on a holiday, I'm not working on a holiday. And then kind of that's the conversation that happens as you guys get closer and closer to these squandering of goblins. Sure. Who all seem to be working on this lumber mill that's off in the distance. Okay. Do you pursue the lumber mill or do you continue on to dawnhead? Keep going. You continue past them. I need a stealth hole for me. Okay. Wow. Yeah. Okay. Crit one. That's awesome. So you still have the quinzacotl? Oh yeah. Okay, so off in the distance. It's kind of hard to hide. You can almost hear underneath you, what the fuck is that? I shoot it down! Okay, alright, hold on, where do we put the crossbow bolts? Fly by. And you just fly on by. One of the fly by thing. Oh, the fly by mechanism with the quinzacotl. Yup. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, so they shoot at you but it seems to hit where you weren't where you previously were but a few moments ago as you fly off, there seems to be the sound of a whoop, whoop, whoop coming from the lumber mill itself and a whole horde of goblins are all on their way out of, yeah, I got it! And they kind of point it off in the distance as you see this kind of pack of goblins. Just like as a quick, because I'm flying by this thing it seems a little important, can I do an investigation to see if I know what they're building? Sure. Just as a quick idea, wow I'm rolling like shit, oh right, nice job. I'm going to take off, I've got to rearrange some furniture for the movers for tomorrow. I hear that man, have a good one. Have fun with the movie. Enjoy the new apartment and we'll talk later about what to do with Konky Savvy in Montpim. Awesome. Bye. Yeah, that's a four investigation. Yeah. Solid four. Also, dice jail. Dice jail them. Well, all right, so here's what you get from that. It's not a lot, but all you really, really know is that this area seems to be collecting a series of fir trees that grow in this area. Okay. And the bark on them are shaved down, but the bark shavings are saved in a larger pile than the downed logs in the area. So they're collecting the bark, does it look like cinnamon or spice? It's fir. You don't really necessarily get the smell from it per se, these fir trees themselves, but the bark looks to be neatly arranged in various shapes and sizes. Similar to parchment. Oh, oh, they're making paper. Got it. Okay. As you make your way into the city itself. Yeah. This is the site you come across on the outside. Monothyrin stands in the center of these two mountains and kind of pokes out as you come across an outcropping of a farm. I'm going to, well, I guess I'm on the edges of the city or like how far away? You're about an hour and a half's travel. All right, yeah, I turned back on myself so I stopped freaking people out. I think that was a good move. I agree. It's good for fast travel, but not for talking to people. This would be true. Yeah. I'm going to adopt a cloak to disguise this area. Okay. She throws on her cloak itself, which seems to kind of shift a bit and snap and her head shape seems to be different than it previously was. That's cool. Is it kind of the same thing that Nyx uses? It is similar, but it does not have that same hint of someone else's appearance in very much so it looks like herself, but she seems to be disguised. That's really cool. Also, I have a follow-up question from last time. The giant toad structures, they looked pretty realistic, right? So maybe I could try to turn into a giant toad from the structure without having seen a giant toad. You've seen it at least move with its tongue. Yeah. Yes. Sweet. Oh, it's a good day. All right, moving on. Heading up to Monothern, Dawnpass, whatever. I'm going to try and find a quality harsh out. We're going straight to the docks. Okay. You head down this river area towards the greater dock area and you realize the Dawnpass is not relocated on any large body of water, just a river. Okay, yeah, so the river. So you follow the river, you follow this stream towards the river, as you get closer and closer, the sound of dock hands working here. They're unloading large shipments of what look to be... They have the same symbol as Machi did on the outskirts of that moth. Okay. In the center of that moth as they bring in another one. How expensive was it this time? Don't worry, we'll pass on the price to the customer as they begin placing these humans that are working this dock on this riverbed are placing barrel after barrel after barrel after crate after crate after crate of just what looks to be shipments from Machi. Okay, and I mean I can't tell what's inside it because it's a crate. As you kind of look at it, you can look possibly at, and certainly pops up and says, revived fish, the main export of Machi. Gotcha. We feed the world that cannot feed itself. Right, because there's a huge famine, which we're going to conkey-habby about. Let's go. Okay. Sorry, we're railroading this. Railroading is bad. And you pass your way through and you make your way over towards the docks itself. You're looking for specifically... Klaas Shahar. Klaas Shahar. I know that they look different, but I guess... I've spent a lot of time, I'm sure I would be able to notice something. Oh yeah, you know a matron signal before you even are really looking for it. The boat that you come across is... Let's go ahead and get in. Is, let's go ahead and use the grounded swallow. Cool. There's the grounded swallow, and it looks to be... It's matron signal is shipped on, it looks to be sailing on grass itself. Sweet. As you get closer and closer, you come across a series of man and wife duo, as they are wearing their blue coats. They stand on the edge and they go, Alright, what's this? We got one more shipment from Machi. There's been machi, machi, machi here recently. Excuse me, you seem to be eyeing our ship. Hey, I... Don't know how to say this any better, I just need to use your teleportation circle. I gotta go speak to the Kraken. You gotta go speak to Aswa? Yeah. Alright, well who am I to them? You know, tonight at 3am is when we get our shipment in. You okay with waiting till then? Yeah, that's fine. Perfect. Is your silent friend here? Yeah, she's gonna come with me too. That's just machi. Okay, great. You guys, you mind waiting below deck? Do you mind if we... I mean, you said 3am, is it cool if we see the city a little bit? Yeah, it's fine with me, I'm not here to tell you what to do. All I just gotta say is you got about six hours. Okay, cool, I'll be here probably around two, just to have some leeway in there. Okay, uh... Ineska! How long is it gonna stay open today? Two hours, an hour? You got ten minutes! You got ten minutes? Ten minutes, I can do that. I will set the rules. I will be here early then. Okay, we need two more shipments from below the hull. You said 3am? 2am. 2am, you sure? Yeah. Okay, I'll be back here then. Okay. Ineska! 2am! That's what you hear as you head out from the city. Okay, cool. You got six hours in Don? I'm gonna go to a... Oh, wait! I can be a criminal! I'm gonna go try and find some info from my criminal pals, cause I can do that, cause I haven't done that yet. Sure, sure, sure, sure. Yeah. Okay. So, you've heard rumors of Don Pass and the goings on and what they've heard about the famine and what they're worried about. Sure, sure. Yeah! You made your way down Eastervale Alley. Okay. Eastervale Alley is the area in which you can very well tell as you get into the city. It's segmented into three parts. There's the upper class, middle class, and lower class, and you know exactly where to go. Yeah. Not the lower class, the middle class. Right. And there's a place in the middle class area that the middle class avoids. As you get over to this area, it looks to be a double-deckered side of the wall that makes up the upper class. As you get over to this area and you can see down to that, you notice very quickly that a number of these citizens just turn and it looks like as if they were making their way down and a few of them seem to like come to as they cross the threshold. They turn 180 degree turn and go back the other direction talking about how they forgot something. Okay. It's always the same thing. That's interesting. I forgot my quillet dome. Oh, you forgot your quillet dome. Oh, well, you might as well go home. And they head off in the direction. Okay. What do you do? Try to walk through it. You know, you walk through it. As you walk through it, there is a sound that seems to follow you as each door you pass has a knock on it. You know how you walk when you basically give no shits and you're just like begging someone to like come at me? It's a mess with you? Yeah, that's how I'm walking. So you just walk your way through the city itself and as once you get towards it's this tree in the center that seems to speak to you. Cool. You've got this elven tree in the center and as once you get towards it you look over at it, you look back and there are three figures clubbed in the alleyway in front of you. I try to listen without looking like I'm listening. They speak to you. Oh, cool. Hey. They say, what are you doing here? I'm looking for information. What kind of information? You got coin? I mean, yeah, but... She's got coin! ...information should be free. And there's a whew. It's certainly not your coin. And behind you there's the sound of ruffling as you turn around. There's another three behind you. I just look... This is a one way out. I look completely unfazed. Okay. Okay. Alright. Okay. Really? Give me an intimidation check. Okay. Oh god, what's my intimidation? Oh god! Please, please. No! No! Is that an app? That is a fucking one. This is payback for last session. This is fucking payback. I got like 10 20s. That's a nat one. Ugh! Fine. You hear that jingle? Alright, knowing... That's what they say. It all double decks of buildings around you. All the doors, all of them open. And these black clad individuals take a step out. And there is a sound of... War! War! War! Okay, how do I want to do this? Um... I... You come to the wrong alleyway. No, I didn't. You and your Elven friend. I know where I was going. I meant to come here because you have the best information of the city. Ah! Information, she says! And there's a chorus of laughter behind it. Really, you do not want to mess with me. I assure you. You come to our city, walk down our alleyway, and tell us what we shouldn't expect. I haven't offered you any harm. I haven't tried to attack you. I knew where you were. I went past your magical spell. Clearly I know what I'm doing. All I ask is for a little information, and maybe I'll pay you. What's the question? I have a few questions, actually. So glad you asked. Um... I'm looking for what the people of Dawn Pass are scared of right now. I'm trying to get a sense of what is going on here and what's the common threat at the moment. What do we say, boys? A thousand gold? There's a chorus of it. Seriously? A thousand gold? I'm not paying that. You heard him. I'm not paying a thousand gold. You get no answers. What if I show you a trick? A trick? A trick, yeah. It's gotta be a hell of a trick. Back home, everyone loved this trick. Well, you want some entertainment? There's a chorus. Hold on. Entertain us. Entertain you? Oh, this will be lovely. Um... I started the class, too. Have the same answer. I'm not even doing T-rex. Do they look like they can take a hit? Probably. Insight. Okay. I don't want to hurt him. I don't want to... Fuck you! Fuck you, dice gods! Fuck you! I don't know what that is. That's a fucking six. That's a six. Fuck you, dice gods. I'm gonna go with the answer is yes. They look like they can take a hit. Well, then that's what I know. So I turn into a wind elemental and slam them all against a wall like a tornado. Okay. Okay, roll intimidation with advantage this time. Thank god. 14... 20! 20! Yeah, 20. Fucking fuck you! Cool breeze, lofts, just... Sound like non-lethal hit, but I want to slam some against the wall. All of the doors in this whole alleyway shut onto the faces of the men who stand in the alley. Off the doorway. The three in front of you are blown backwards farther than 50 feet. They land, and when they land, they land in such a way that the toes of their boots land on the cobblestone, and the cobblestone itself is pushed behind them, forming a wall that they land on. When they land, they land with their hands in the ground, and they pull up, wiping dirt on the side of their face. And they look up and they say... We fear war! We fear war! War is what we fear! All right, I turn it back into Brigitte. Now I know that I can't transform again, but they don't know that. Yeah. So, did you like my trick? No! No? No? So that sounds like ten gold, right? He turns to the other two and he goes, Clive, Deirdre, get out of here! And the two on the other side of them flee. Okay, cool. Look, I mean you no harm, but you can see I can do worse than this. Listen, all right? What is your question? It's free, whatever, just leave this alley and we're gonna be okay. Okay, great. I want to know what the people are scared of other than me. Okay, well, you, at the moment, but here's the deal. The Queen, Dawn Pass, has gotten us into a fight we can't win. We already lost Tower Bridge. What fight? Fight the Orcs. Okay. We just... Are they still fighting you? The Orcs were attacking Cloud City. I don't know what the fuck that is, Brigitte. It has anything to do with what you were? I don't want anything to do with it. Yeah, that's fair. What I do know is that here lately there's been conscriptions. All right, I'm not saying I'm one of those people, but I'm saying some of us aren't interested in fighting a war for a Queen who doesn't give a shit. About us. So you're looking to get rid of the Queen? We're just looking to make sure that we make it to the next year. Which I get, that's fair. One more day. Okay. I might be back with help sometime in the near future. And when I do, you'll know it's me. Okay, well, I can't guarantee I'll remember your friend, but I'll remember you. Yeah, no, I get that. Have you heard any Zodiacs? Does that mean anything to you? Talking about the months of the year? Yeah. Do you know anything about an animal that might have appeared near the city? All I know is that we got ourselves a particular month when we give a shit about it. Okay. One that matters and one that doesn't matter. Okay. The Tangleden. Tangleden. Oh, the Pangleden, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. He said you were wrong in the month of the Pangleden. Okay. I don't figure. Who would've thought? Our Easter year. Freaking rich people name things and they forget that, yeah, it just makes sense. It's stupid. I get it. It's stupid. I get it. You know, whatever. Cool. You go on a vision quest, head up towards the Tiers. Okay. You end up there and you're going to find a river. Okay. A river that didn't flow all the time. But during the month of the Pangleden, sometimes it flows. Okay. Go up there, give it a little look, see. That's all I know. Okay. Cool. Let's see, anything else? Nope, that sounds good. All right, well, good luck to you, lady. I hand him ten gold for his trouble. And look, I'm sorry I had to scare you, but I appreciate the information. I hope that we can be friends. Or at least not enemies. All right, well, and then in that case, just come looking for Linus. Linus. Good to meet you. I'm Brigitte. Brigitte, it's nice to meet you. I wish my team had a name so I could tell you, but we don't. If you say Brigitte, they'll know. And they're not like me, but if you see any powerful people, they're probably... They might be in my team. Anyway, just say Brigitte. They jingle and they turn into air elements and things. I'm going to... Keep a distance. Yeah, anyway. Mr. Vale Alley, we'll look out for you. That's fair. I appreciate that. Anyway, thank you again. Thank you again. Thank you for the ten gold. Yeah, and I... I walk away turning my back on him. Perception check. Damn it. All right. And I assume Cersei comes with me. Eleven, which is fucking... Shit. Fifteen. You can see that on the corner of your eye when you turn around that he quickly darts into the nearest ally. Yep. And then when you turn around to the area, it's surprisingly clear. Okay. I'm just glad there's not a knife in my back. Well, let's go back to the ship. Or I guess we can go to the tavern maybe because I assume we have a few hours left. Yeah, it's just costing maybe an hour max. We have about five more. You head over to the tavern. There's a number of taverns. You go to the mid-tier tavern? Sure. Okay. On your way over that direction, you pass what an area known as... Well, as you pass by it, it's the Little Orphanage. Okay. But this is the image that shows up on all the signs, and when you get there, it's burned to the ground. Okay. Oh, oh, oh, the Little Orphanage. Oh, because that's where Star Wars is from. That is where Star Wars is from. Oh, man. That's really sad. Okay, I'll let him know. Wait, no, he already knows. Yeah. We did that. All right. Time to drink. You have them for me? Yeah. Okay. You pass by and you head up over to the tavern itself. Yep. When you get into the tavern, there is no bar in this tavern. The tavern itself calls in a ghost-parses. Welcome to the Silarium. Hi. Can I get a beer? Yeah, it's come with a room, though. Oh, I don't need a room. I just need a beer. Silarium only has apartments. You're here for a drink? Yeah. You're shitting a lot. Okay. Well, we've got room service. Thanks for nothing, then. And I walk out. What the nerve of some people is you head out the door? All right, make your way over to the ship. Oh, my God. Yeah, let's just go to the ship. Fuck. I don't need an hour room. That's gross. To the ship, I hang out. I chat with the crewmates. I see if anyone knows Captain Liza. Okay. You hear tales of Captain Liza. Yeah. Captain Liza has numerous tales about her. Awesome. They say she's not from here. They say she's from the Fae World. That's right. They say that she's... Oh, shit, we got to talk to her about the Fae World. Fuck. Yeah. They say that she came out of the belly of a great serpent. That's right. They say that she only plays instruments that are broken. They say that her voice is so loud. They say that her red hair is the color of fire that she needs. Oh, can I add? Sure. Okay, I'm going to think of Randall. They say that... Yeah, they say that she's not all human anymore. Oh, shit. I know. I've seen it with my own eyes. What do you mean she's not human? Well, her legs were taken from her, but she made it work, and now she has new ones. What, she got any human legs? I mean, you'll just have to see for yourself. She's got legs you can't even see. And that's what I meant. Yes. All right, you wait until 2 a.m. in the morning. But yeah, the final note is she's the bravest person I know. The bravest person you know? Oh, she's so brave. It's awesome. Oh, well, there we go. Big, huge praise from on the grounded swans. Yeah. What do you mean? She's the bravest. She doesn't even have legs. How could she be the bravest? I guess she'll just have to meet her. Oh, my goodness. Ineska and Duncan are kind of quelling the rest of their ship. It's nothing. It's nothing. You come on in. I'm sorry. I got, you know... We're going to be dealing with this for months. They told me all about you, too. Ineska, just send them on their way. And you get sent out maybe 15 minutes early. Awesome. Totally worth it. You can get sent to the craft of the sand seas. Oh, god. To the sand seas. Where are you going to go? Is Oswald here? You're talking about the real Oswald? Yeah. To the real Oswald. Oh, no. I don't want to go there. And they... No, no, no, no, no, no, no. And that's where we're going to pick up.