 What card did you get from the Wolverine? Uh... Pyrrhic Call? I got shooped over to the Raven Queen and she took them? Way back when? She took the soul from it, but I don't think she took the gloves. I just took out as far as I know. If so, I did not keep track of them. So I would assume they're on my dead body before I get revived. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe Bergs took them. You know, that's a high probability. Especially goes out if it's covered in pestilence. If covered in pestilence, Bergs will eat it. We could do a Vietnamese Pho place, or Madame Anne's. That sounds like a good idea. Who needs dice? Dice. What do we want? Or pizza? I don't know who's Pho. I said Madame Anne's was the best. I knew it. I don't really feel too strongly about it. I never feel strongly about it. There you go. Dang it. So what do you want to eat? Why don't we roll some dice? I don't know how many we did. How many decisions? Let's just say it's those two. Does Pheonix take ten hours? No, you need to... So even will be Madame Anne's, and odd will be the Pho place. Where is the dice loaded? I don't know. I've been mad. Subscribe to our dice board. Flip it over. What is that? It's a three. Rewind the recording. Are we recording? I actually can't remember what that was. Tyler, do you remember what even and odd was? It was something and then the Pho place. So whatever even started with the other thing. Probably said even first. Even was Madame Anne's. So this is the Pho place. There you go. You saved us all, Tyler. That's what I'm here for. Resolving indecisions. How did I earn the metal there? I thought it was going to be harder to eat at the D&D table. You're a metal dwarf. You're a metal dwarf. Mad car hammer. Get on the level. I am, I am. Depends on if you decide to style your hair in a mohawk or not. That's when you really go full metal dwarf. I think I lost at that too. That did take you down a few metal points. You're going to have to like... I'm not a mad car. Throw it straight. Alright, let's throw some stuff out here. Who we got? We got Burns. Where's my blade? Yo, we gotta come up with a better blade than like this. At some point. At some point we gotta get you a better move. It doesn't quite capture what happened to you. Yeah, that's fair. He's got both eyes. He's not tiefling. I picked it because of the magic sword. But in all honesty, we can figure this shit out. I don't even use a sword anymore. Right. You just eldritch blaze. Who we looking for out here? I need a red dragon for sure. I need a bronze dragon. Good thing I look the same. Have you tried that customized figurine thing online? I have not. He reports, yeah I've seen it before but I haven't tried it. That's what this is from. He was supposed to have arms. RIP. I printed them and he didn't have arms. I have another one that's over here around here. That's where I got mine. Roman statue. All I gotta do is just pay for them to print it. Which is what I have to do next. What did you do with that credit you gave me? Did you print this yourself? No I used the site. Because that's like their premium print. It was like 20 bucks or something. I like that. The interesting part is painting it. I'm too scared to do that. It looks nice the way it is. I don't even know how I want it to look. Or color it. I am destined to host another painting night. As I have to make a fuck tons of stuff. But we'll get there. That could be how you mess up the apartment before you move out. There you go. I have some glue stains on the floor. When I was making that. I need to kick that back up again. I just don't want that. The owning cats. They've been really great for my apartment. If you leave anything out. Yeah. They've definitely pounced on things. They're not heavy enough to leave marks on the floor. But the things that they jostle around are definitely heavy enough. Watching Ross's cats was an experience the second time. Did they do the sprint thing? Like don't get traction on the floor? Did you want something Tyler? I don't know. No I didn't do that. But Kermit. Yeah. Kermit gets your... Tucker. Tucker was all about the carpet in your bedroom. But Kermit was hell of a territorial. As soon as I walked in the apartment. If Tucker was in the same room as me. Kermit was about running interception. If Tucker looked like he was about to get pets. It's a conscious effort to keep it balanced. You have to not play favorites. That's part of the reason I'm wearing this jacket this week. Because my other one is just mega covered. If you wore that one it would be even worse. Black and fur don't mix together. I have clothes that are hanging up in my closet. And they've never been like this. I wear them and then walk outside. Or they're just in the laundry and then go right up to being hung. And they're still covered in fur. That's cute cats. Does Ophelia not shed a lot? She sheds but not like Tucker. It's not that like orange hair. Yeah. Well so it's like Tucker's hair is like if you're going to be like. I'm going to be like. I'm going to be like. I'm going to be like. I'm going to be like. I'm going to be like. I'm going to be like. Tucker's hair is like it balls as a fuck. It's kind of long but Kermit is just like one touch. He's on your lap for like a minute. I'm covered. I wasn't graced with Kermit on my lap. Tucker made sure that. I got to meet your cats. You got to meet them? I'm going to meet those cats eventually. One day. But today is not that day. We don't really know space. Today we're here to talk about some dungeons and durians. And much like dungeons and durians. We are not in a dungeon. But there are durians. More than one durians. Alright so here's how I'm going to do this. Sure you good Tyler? I'm good. I've got food here. Are we 2 on 4 still? 2 on 4. That's me. The area code. I think. 512? 2 on 4 is an area code for something. I might be Dallas. I might be mixing things up. I used to live in that area. Well, once from Dallas, always from Dallas. Even if you're from Fort Worth or Arlington. You're still from Dallas. Basically 2 on 0 is San Antonio. Hey there you go. 512 is definitely Austin. 2 on 8 is Houston. So if 2 on 1 is San Antonio and 2 on 8 is Houston. I would be willing to bet 2 on 4 is Dallas. Let's look it up. How does that logic? Dallas, area code. Austin was probably a hipster and came in last. Yeah, obviously 5. Well that doesn't make sense. Austin was obviously part of Texas for a real long time. Well Austin's been a part of Texas, but I don't think they had landlines that were their own. Because their population was lower than Dallas and Houston and San Antonio. So we're currently $15 away from saving $15 for the code. Oh fuck it. What do you want? Make sure it's over $16.07. What are we getting here? Oh this is thematic. I think sandwiches too. How do I add stuff to your... You have to go back and then here. So 2 on 4, 4, 6, 9. I already ordered myself some egg rolls. Dallas, if you can't lost. We can just bump, if it's not quite what you want, just bump it up. Yeah Tyler, if you don't get $15 you can add an egg roll or something. Alright. I'm down. So Austin has a second area code actually. It's 512 and 737. Shit they have a D&D street tacos? I did see that. How can I not pick that? The first thing it says is choice of protein and the second thing it says is cabbage. I don't want cabbage. It was probably pickled cabbage. Which makes it way better. The carrots are specified as pickled. The cabbage is not. It's Vietnamese, not Korean. Not everything is pickled. That's true. Alright, yeah, I'm going to do the rice bowl. I don't even know how to... Alright, chicken bread. That's what I want. Okay, 737 was introduced in 2013. Yeah, it's new. That is new. It's the first I've heard of this in a while though. Okay, I've added $11 to the meal because... Oh no. Like you guys... I need to change mine to be something more expensive. Egg rolls only $5. So we're like... A veggie egg roll, one of them is $2. A pork chop is $4. Which is exactly the amount we need. Ooh, but it's less than... Here, I'll let you guys deal with this. The DM's got some other stuff. 487... Look at this. I'm trying to read something about the area codes. And I'm on my phone and it's telling me to disable my hand clock. Oh, shit. Disable my hand clock. Oh no. Don't do that. It's not working. I had to disable my pie hole because of a fucking Master Chief collection. That nuked my pie hole. What? So the nice thing about Ublock is that on mobile, you can still do the elements everything. Oh shit, really? That's nice. I've got Ublock installed right here. Here's fucking Ublock. I have a C Badger and Ublock Plus because Redentancy Redentancy Department. But not on my phone. Do I have it on my phone? You can get it on Firefox. I know on Android for sure. I don't know about iPhone. I was using this thing called Crystal. Ublock is brave on iPhone too. I think Brave is, but I haven't switched over. I'm still on Chrome. Chrome is easy and it's nice. But I like having Adblock. Yeah, Adblock is required. Luckily I pay for YouTube. Because I watch far too much YouTube to deal with ads. That's fair. Anyway. We did it. We made it. We're like 50-39. I'm going to change my own app. What the? You're going to make yours cheaper? Fuck. So last time we had a bit of an adventure. Where we learned a few things about the world. About the world at large. Around us. We learned about 5 months in the future. We learned that where faith and the years come from. We learned that Fred is not necessarily the guy he said he was. Not necessarily. He literally said he was. He literally came clean as not a servant of Baracu of the Righteous. But instead, Donald Adjust in some form of prisoner of war situation going on. Which is why you relent him in the first place. Which packed with a chain. Interesting concept. Because you're packed with a chain of warlock. You're given a familiar. Just by default. They never talk about where that familiar came from. Is that familiar happy with their situation? The answer is there's a war that happened between justice and righteousness. And they're not happy. He's subverting. But so long as you hold that chain he will act like Morty from Rift and Morty. So that's how that worked. We did come across a unnamed ally in this random unicorn who's prouncing around. Who was the one who kind of outed Fred as not being who he said he was. Y'all made friends with a couple of with a covenant of hags after holding literally all of the famous wild familiar's hostage. We scryed on the Bolivian Wayne who we learned has gone full bat zodiac chosen and has gone bat shit crazy as well. And during that process she has transformed into a literal monster. To reflect her, her outer beauty now reflects her inner self. So that's her weakened form? That is her after she like gave in to, so vampires right they eat like humanoids that aren't corrupted. But in the fight that we had where we met the Wolverine zodiac of this world Bert and Nocturnus kind of wiped the floor with Bolivian Wayne during their like 2v2. You missed that session but Kyle had a blast playing a fighter for once. When was that? That was Dana's one on one session way back when she was like still with us. I don't think it did anything that combat. I think team just killed everything. Yeah, cause it was just like literally line control to you. Oh yeah, it was useless. That makes sense. I was like why don't I remember this fight? Cause I did not fight. Not that anything would have happened anyways. Dr. Farna was basically taken out of the fight as a vampire spawn and a vampire feeding upon a vampire spawn doubles up on Dubs Vampirism. Then, so that's when she went like full Lady of the Dark kind of thing. I think I said Lady of the Night which is a different thing. But you know, that's what we made fun of at the time. But then she after the events of y'alls rebellion, we saw her go full vampire as she ate the people who created black powder that you used to scry on. Which is kind of sad cause how else are we gonna get hold of that sweet sweet black powder and hold it in our bowels for months on end? Dying of the adrienne radiated with black powder. It makes perfect sense. It really affects your constitution that you can hold that in your bowels for so long. Your digestion stopped. You were like dead from the digestive tract down. Yeah, that's like making constipation. You got some like necromancy smell going on in here. You need an exorcist and a doctor. Anyway, on the other end we've got I was asking about her weakness or weak point cause the beginning of that summary that you posted I think it's the prophecy. I don't think we fulfilled the prophecy. She has to be in his like She's not weak. She's stronger than ever. Prophecy not ready to be fulfilled. We gotta wait for her to get back. We gotta wait till Ting's here first of all. Well, the summary that I posted had a lot to do with what happens after the mountain zenith. Cause the first forge needs to be lit. It just has not been lit. Now, Ternus has the fire of the first forge but of course he's in jail cause Chicago. But, speaking of which the circumstances that led to his jailing we learned that Yori, not Garth cause Garth's cool sorry, Yori is something called the jailer which we haven't learned a whole lot about so far. We do know that it's bad news and you guys just hate dealing with him anyway. But his kind of trickster ways on top of being this jailer he was not happy when Nocturnus and Moric managed to get back to the material realm without paying the cost of time. Time that you guys paid in excess when you guys arrived in the Feywild which is why we're five months late from where we left. Oh, you spent time coming in? Yes. Oh, but I was going out. You have paid the cost of both ways on entrance because the jailer is not really cool twice. But during that exchange in which you guys all got off scott three effectively a number of exchanges were made where it's got a cool color changing beard which is strange because you remembered that the beard that you trimmed was bronze. However, now your beard is of every color. You're in every color bearded dwarf. No more bearded racism for dwarves for you. Or all of it. Or all of it. It really is your choice. Stripes. What we did here was a song. We haven't heard a song from Glade in quite a while. Because it was outlawed by his patron. One of them. Not both of them. But it's alright because you did the song. You got a little bit of a warning. But you did not receive a gift. Strangely perhaps the best gift of all however is the gift given for a name. That name was Theor as a dude. But nobody, but everybody but Bert who they will hear that sort of thing. Instead Bert just hears the rustle of wind. And the, well as he stood in the moonlight and looked at his book, his spell book, his torn spell book he can't help but realize that now, even though his spell book is torn between something that had insectoid wings and his own ownership that there's a third foreign influence, one page containing a power word kill. Now he tried to kill a tree which isn't cool as far as Greenpeace is concerned. And so he ended up in an amphitheater of his own mind performing for Theor as a dude, which he couldn't even remember to name. That fight nearly killed you all, but that's okay because we don't think it's going to be I think you guys are going to be fine. Yeah. Those little boggards were annoying but not deadly. What is deadly is one's own self-hubris. As falling on you and killing myself. Trees are, this is the happening. Um. Anyway, all this is a long way of saying we're on the outside of a hag's hut. We've finally made our way through the fucking dusk in wood where you've talked to Zodiac upon Zodiac upon Zodiac. You have talked with people who do and do not want to be your friends. And you're outside and we're going to go with my pre-written opening here. Alright. We open on our heroes as they close the door to the orphanage. This is the place where faith milliers are found. Having learned about the state of the world around them, they had decided to continue to answer their summons to the tea party. Even if Fred wasn't who they thought he was, their friends was in an extraplanar jail, and they're battle weary from a couple of scrapes of the locals, they march forward. The creaking of a wooden door silences with a slam as they turn to face the door they previously exited. And the house is not there. Neither is the dusk in wood, for that matter. Instead, there's a vast open sea of golden grain that seems to ebb and flow in an unseen tide. The landscape from Berb's shortened vantage point is that of a labyrinth, but he's assured by his more vertically blessed teammates that there is indeed a path. Before the party has a chance to really get their bearings, however, there's a great and terrible breaking sound as two tangled masses of scale and claw tumble down from the sunlit sky, the first sunlit sky they've seen in quite a while. It is as if a membrane beyond the edge of the hemisphere was pushed beyond its breaking point. The bronze and red dragons part ways, both blazing a trail of pure destruction in their wake. The red looks to be headed right for the edge of the grass, their destination, the Briar Patch. Perhaps the tea party is... except unwelcome guests? We're not sure. What do you do? So he's heading for us at the edge of the grass. You guys are within the middle of this meadow, twisted by the wind as it seems to form an unseen labyrinth of a pattern that seems to shift as the air moves around it. You're what I would consider the center of this concentric circle and towards the... well, you're on the center of this twisted meadow, but at the very center of this concentric circle that makes up the Feywild is the Briar Patch where the red dragon is blazing a trail of conflagration and destruction. Where's the tea party? We're not there yet. It's not in the Briar Patch. Right there at the Briar Patch. So we're there. We're almost there. You're about halfway if you were to just directly fly in the direction of the Briar Patch. We do have the ability to... Well, we're flying towards the dragons. Destructive path. I'm going to ask each of you on the couch in turn what it is that you would like to gain information about. Each of you gets one piece of information about what's going on in the situation and we will determine this based on what your passive perception is and the varying degree of what you're interested in. For example, if you wanted to count the number of grains that would be a massive, massive perception. If you wanted to instead figure out if there were any lights around you that would be pretty easy. Great. We'll start with you. Does it seem likely that the dragon's going to burn us if we stand still? Uh, but what's your passive perception? Ten. There's the dragon. He's in the sky. He's burning his way towards the Briar Patch but never quite breaches the Briar Patch itself. Instead there seems to be something strange about the area in which it's trying to burn. It's almost like I don't know, have you ever seen Beauty and the Beast? Not Beauty and the Beast. Sleeping Beauty. You know how Maleficent turns into that giant dragon in Sleeping Beauty and the giant briars are coming out from the castle and she's burning along the edges of this giant briar of the castle room. It's along that same line. It says if where she burns seems to chaw her and die and then gradually more briars form. It's on the edge, but it's not. You're not entirely certain. What you are certain of is that if you fly here dragons are area predators and this dragon in particular is scanning the area for anything and everything. So we do not fly. Or Is it within message range? It is outside the range of a thousand feet. That's far away. And yet, this is the phala. So walking with purpose might get you there, but not where you currently stand. Berks? Do I know what wavelengths dragons come here? Could they hear like a really high pitched wolf? About to howl? In all of your experience howling in the material realm, you have never once come across a dragon. Whether or not there's a causation or correlation, you're not entirely certain. But you do know what you do feel is a urge. To howl. To seek friendship in an area that is foreign to you. You take ten naps? Take eleven minutes. Do we have time for a nap? You make it twenty. Thirty. Thirty minutes. We're taking naps. I think, okay, probably eleven minutes already pushing it. Are you only going to take an hour? You take eleven minutes, the next available time here is going to be an hour for you to short rest, keep watch, do your thing. But it will be a short rest. So you said the dragon wasn't really making progress. It was just like burning things. Seems like it just wants to burn the dragon patch. Well that would be the red dragon. The bronze dragon, however. What is everyone's passive perception? Ten. Oh, y'all's weakness. It's like I linked up your character sheets. You guys are welcome to roll perception, but only two of you. Okay. I vote you and me. There we go. Wow, it would be really convenient. The bottom of the gold dragon? The wisdom based character. I got a fifteen. What am I? That's a six. You got a what? I got a six. Fifteen. Okay, fifteen. Tiamat is a chromatic dragon. Bahamut is the god of metallic dragons. We're not playing with the cool gemstone dragons just yet. We'll get there. They're gemstone dragons. DLC. That's a covillian DLC. Oh, I really have. It's in the book. I haven't put them in the world yet. We'll find a place. But, your time with Tiberius tells you that metallic is good typically. However, Burt's eagle-eye accounting of what's going on here notices that this bronze dragon is indiscriminately blazing a trail of destruction in the opposite direction. Which is weird because we're currently on the face of a large watch. Wait, what is the problem? As far as, thank you, as far as where we are in the Phaeo-I, the Phaeo-I would consider a large watch. There are twelve locations on the watch for the twelve zodiac. You're in, I think you're in the middle of springs where it's a three, a six, a nine or a twelve. Which you're unable to determine necessarily where you are because you would need to know where north is. And there is no north, only spring, summer, winter, fall. However, if Volcanus, the red dragon whose name I just gave away, is headed towards the Briar Patch at the center of spring, and you guys are also near the center of spring, though on the edges. So is he going to fall? He's headed towards fall. It looks stormy from your direction. Like the red lightning of a desert storm. Like a wreck? Like a wreck. So he's going towards fall? Yes. And the bronze dragon is going? That's where bronze is going. We got the red dragon in spring. He's on us. Now, I thought they were both flying away from each other. Well they're flying away from each other, so spring, bronze is fall. Bronze is a lot farther to travel than red does. The steed whinnies in a almost ghostly wail. Alright, sorry about that. Eat him off. He's just going to fly straight up in the air, away from a certain angle. See what happens. Now, phantom steed can go what distance away from you? It doesn't have a tether distance to you? Let me look at this spell, to be sure. I'm telling him where his are. I thought he was going to die like we're here. So range slash area is 30 feet. Maybe that's what it means by how far it can go away from me. It doesn't really say that. A large brother of a forest creature appears in the ground For the ration, you or a creature you choose can ride the steed. So I think it just lasts until I dismount it, with the exception that it does say, me or a creature I choose, so maybe, I don't know if I can choose nothing. Because in theory, if I... The spell vanishes into a puff of smoke if it's carried away. No, it's equipment created by it. So I think, I mean, in theory, I could give this to Bergs and he could fly infinitely far away according to the way this is spoken. But it doesn't say anything about no rider. It does mean, however, that the duration is one hour. So the phantom speed has a range and you can travel at best within an hour, 13 miles in a fast pace. 13 miles gets you within... gets you nearly to the broader patch. To the spring quarter. If you were to go... So if I were to paint you a picture, which I wish I had... This is the best I can do for you. This is the vast floating isles that make up the spring quarter. It kind of floats and bobs above and behind the Briar Patch towards the center. All four courts kind of make this kind of clover pattern at the center of the watch that makes the Feywild as you guys are on the mid inch of it. However, the Briar Patch kind of makes up the pie that goes towards spring as you guys are at the edge of spring. So there is kind of that barrier between the Volcanus and the spring court. But it does mean that you are about 15 miles from where you need to be. So you can go 13. But you still have two more. Oh, okay. Yeah, I just understood the distance from the dragon. I was just going to send him out to see if the dragon killed him, but if he's that far away, I won't worry about that. Well, I mean, 15 miles to get to the place that you need to be. It's like 8 to get to the edge of the Briar Patch. So you can send it over to get to the Briar Patch. So we're inside the Briar Patch? Do you want to get some paint? Yeah, I want to know where we are versus the dragon. We're not in the Briar Patch. Are we in the bottom? That's where we are. That's the Feywild. Alright. Do that. There we go. That's about a fourth. Beautiful. Beautiful. Alright. We'll take one of these and we'll do a three-form brush with this, called this Briar Patch. Cool. Alright. Now this does get bisected here. Actually, it should get trisected. There we go. You guys are here within the amber grain waves, because you can see that. Of course, why couldn't you see yellow? Yellow on white is very funny. So you got the yellow. That really did not help. Fuck everything about what just happened. I blame you. It's the Feywild. The Feywild. If I were to put you guys in a location, I would say you are... No, this needs to be not in that color. This needs to be... X? Why would you X? I'm typing the word X. Just draw it. Fuck it. You're right. Why would I ever do anything other than that? You're here. Alright. Dragon is here. And the dragon is just flying into that barrier. And he keeps burning this edge as he... He pushes in and he pushes out. Now this... Can't burn through the Briar Patch? He's unable to do so at the moment. From what you guys can tell. Now this distance here, that's 8 miles. And we wanted to get to the center? This distance here is 15. Okay. So you wanted to get to the center, right? That is somewhere along those lines. I think it's 16 miles to the center, 15 miles to where you want to be. So I could move it, but I can't because it's mine or something. Another dragon is flying towards a different corner. Yes. So the other dragon... So one of the dragons headed off in this direction here, and the other dragon headed kind of in arc. Still not going through the middle? Not going through the middle. And then back. So that's the fall over there. So if this was spring, then this would be... What goes into spring? Summer? No, winter. That would be winter. That's fall, and that's summer. Is there a winter court? Is that the Frimand's horse? That has something to do with it. I think we should make a stop there at some point. Take a point of inspiration. Quick 15 miles. You gotta use that point of inspiration ASAP. I'll use it on the horse to go all the way. The horse is on your zone. That is not the same distance. I guess an 8 mile will get you to the edge here. So 8 miles will get you there. 15 miles will get you somewhere within the center of where you currently are. So are we in this meadow? Are we on an elevated floating island? Or is it really a straight shot? You are currently... Boots on the ground. In fact, Bergs needs a box to stand on in order to figure out that you are in fact in this twisted meadow itself. None of you got the highest perception I was looking for. So at the current situation you're at now, you are focused on what's in the sky. Okay. I'm just gonna have the... Instead of saying it's a tanopsy all the way around, I'm just gonna have it do a quick circle above us. A little tactical maneuver. As the... What would you call this? Plan what? The Phantom Steve that executes plan? Plan tactical circle. Plan tactical circle. It should be named. That's what I would name it. The question isn't where we are on this clock. Fuck me. Alright, so you go in the air. You do a nice little like... You get a nice little radius here, right? Around where you currently are. The Phantom Steve. Now... You guys have both done your perception checks, but it's now Bergs' turn. Bergs. You're watching this Phantom Steve go through the air. You're currently looking directly into the amber waves of a twisted meadow, which, you don't know that's the name of where you're at, but that's where you're at. I need you to make me a perception roll at disadvantage. Oh boy. I'll get you so short. 13...5. Oof. Put you at 4? Okay. You watch, and it's mesmerizing. The hooves seem to glide upon the air itself. And yet, there is a bit of an air current underneath it. And you seem to be following this air current as it washes over you. You can look upward and kind of see it, but you see that the tops of the grass itself seem to follow this unseen, twisting air current tide. I, um, like to use my familiar and have him go out this... As the tide. As the, uh, basically as a dog. You... Oh, it's a dog right now. Oh shit, it's not a bat anymore. Yeah, it's not a bat. It's a weird noisy man. As it runs off in a direction towards the Phantom Steve. What? Okay. Platted its way through. It seems to sniff the air. Woo! Roll it. Uh, roll for your wolf. Let's see what a wolf can do. Just not at an advantage. Oh, I nat-woned it. Oh, you nat-woned it? Yeah. Can I double-nat one at disadvantage? No. I mean, you can, but if you do, you have to take out a lot of ticket. Oh, I got a nat 20. Here we go. Well, uh, fuck you, because it's a nat one. Um, the wolf puppy seems to go off in the distance, and it seems to circle around, and then it just fire-hide it and full, pisses into the wood itself. And it comes back all accomplished and everything that it's found is the perfect spot for this. Good boy. Good boy. Ahhhhh! Seconds goodbye. Ahhhhh! I have a call coming from... ...this direction. I automatically join in the call. Ahhhhh! And your calling seems to, um, permeate time the same way that you felt you were permeating time and space within the moonlight. Because you're in the sunlight right now. And when you call out your friends cannot hear you. Really? He just seems to be making, like, yes. Just, ooooh, ooooh. Faces. So too does the wolf familiar at your sight. The two of you did not even notice that the wolf went off to go piss, came back, howled, haven't heard anything. You're still looking at the amber waves which seem to move. Did I hear the Phantom Steed's galloping? You did hear the Phantom Steed's galloping. But that was in the air. Not in the waves. Now, I'm just going to look up this information and pay no attention to the man behind the mask. What is a red dragon's passive perception? Hmm, probably at least one. Could be one. I think that they're, because they're after Shmoop. Probably like, no, every four. That's going to be a plus. Oh, that's a passive perception of twenty fucking six. God damn it. Alright, well, consider yourselves. Just have laser eyes, I guess. You have a focus on something and that something is the dragon is headed in your direction. Towards the steed? Towards the steed. Ah, so it's conveniently doing a circle. Around you. Alright, well, we can see that he's a dragon flying toward us. The two of you are focused on that. Do not hear the call of the wolf. Okay. Hooooooooooooooooooo! Yeah. So hey, you see that dragon over there, right? Yeah, I think so. Actually, can I just, I've commanded it to fly in a circle. I don't know how I commanded it. I don't know if it's like, I don't know what nick I have on my horse. But I want him not to be up there. Where are you headed? Where are you throwing? He's right here, currently. Okay, is the dragon flying towards us? Can he only move it on elm shit? But is he flying towards us with like a brim of fire beneath him? There is a blazing trail that seems to have caught the very flammable wheat. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. On fire. Okay, that's cool. Nice. So I'm going to send him an F4 on your perception. But you're focused on something else. I'm sending him directly at the dragon. Directly into the dragon? Can you make him diagonal so he's away from us? This is MS Paint. Don't push your fucking... Okay, that's cool. Listen, it's already on fire. This area here erupts in a blaze. I would call such a place lit. Lit AF. Alright. So I'm sending him 8 miles to get to... It's 4 miles to get to the center of the blaze. What is to the other side of the trail? Is the dragon still breathing fire? It's interesting. Is it not planes of wheat? They're not planes of wheat. Over in this direction here is a... What was the purple circle? It's spring, winter, fall, summer. I'll take that back. Winter is down here. Summer is up here. You said winter was on top. I know, I messed up. I'm very foolish. You're a Tookish Took. I'm a Tookish Took. Listen, Tooks are apparently Jewish. It's just a family name. It's full of a Took. Lord of the Rings? Oh, Took it! Full of a Took! I think they're called Tookish too, don't they? It's just a family name with a hog. You got me good with the... Gladial's gift also contains moonlight. I listened to the recording of last week too many times. Gladial's gift had starlight in it. But the gift they gave from the Elves from way back when they got the Elven mythril chain is when they got the starlight. That's when they were fighting Shiloh. To find Shiloh. You were 100% correct. There's a lot of things when I go back and listen to it. I miss things when I'm DMing that don't pertain to the D&D session. I go back and listen to them and I'm like, oh that's a thing! And I'm like, Tyler, comment on this. He never does that. Anyway! Took started fooling around. Let's call this Sovereign. It was... Gandalf. Fool of a Took. Whatever his last name was. Pippin or Merriam. Tookish is actually a... What are Merriam? A compliment. It's a compliment. It's an adventurous Took. Wants to leave the Shire and go on adventures. Ah, yo. I bet that is... Pippin. Merriam is the one who ends up as Gondor's steward, right? Or the steward of Gondor's steward. Which is like a shitty... This is a shitty place to be. Anyway! What matters is that the Wolf is more towards winter. And this area over here looks like... Looks closer to a forest, a taiga. An ever-green forest. That seems to be in some form of... Winter. Frozen. On the other side, however, the summer side, there looks to be a vast desert. But this desert has cacti and other plant life that seems to be boring. Into this bad land on this side itself. And then the center, of course, is always the Briar Patch. So, you're hearing howling from this frozen half of spring. You guys are seeing that the Blaze of Dragonfire, which seems to be... Give me an investigation you have the opportunity on. Or insight. Whatever is better for you. You get different information, as I always say. Do an investigation. That will be... 11. You timed it. You counted, you gave it the time. It seems to travel at the same rate that thunder does. The dragon? Through the fire. The same rate that thunder does. So, not as fast as light! Not as fast as light! You can see it before you hear it. But at the same time, it's coming at you. Listen. What did you get? I got an insight for 20. A! Insight! You look and there is... You're not watching the fire. Because that's something that birds seem to be very clearly focused on. You're watching the animals. The prairie dogs, the swallows, the vast amount of, if I were to call this the tall grass Pokemon, the wild animals, the wild animals, the wild animals. The tall grass Pokemon fleeing the situation itself. There seem to be tracts of larger animals making their way through. But you don't see them at the tops of the grass itself. You understand that you have about a minute and a half before that fire reaches you. No. Let's go at 10 minutes. Okay. 10 minutes. To get out of the way. Fire taught his heirs to cause an updraft. It was a perfect flying opportunity. I like not being eaten by dragons. Listen, you go above in the air. I put some there. They can't look up. Don't they have eyes on the top of their head? They say really still, dinosaurs can't see. That's a perception of like... But if we're flying, how are we going to be really still? Top and on the side. They have a blind spot and it's a heat. That's what predators would do. Wait, do dragons have blue eyes? No. Top and on the side. I thought you were saying they had eyes on top and on the side. They have massive horns on the side too. Now that's red dragons. Bronze dragons of course look different. That's a distinction. I'm not about to draw it for you. It's the red versus the bronze I believe. Indeed. There's a YouTube series that's vaguely similar to that. Yo, you watched that? The Mr. Rex? No. I was being ridiculous. I watched it. I'm reading. Okay, so what do y'all do? I'm going down the couch from Berks. Berks, what are you doing? Just doing a high one. There's an intent to it. The person calling to me? Roll insight. Get the fuck out of there. That's what he's trying to tell you. Pick it up too soon. It's an 18. Okay, you gain from your familiar who has claimed territory that he called out. This is mine! As you speak, Wolf. And you reach... The call back to you is not... This is yours. You would expect one wolf to call to another. You've claimed it. It's yours. Obviously until I go and piss in that area, it's yours. No, instead you call out, That can't be yours. That does not belong to us. Come here, we have found a space. A space for you. What's answered back to you is you howl out, instead your response, which you've already been howling, which is... Show me the way. And the way is shown. As there is vast number, maybe 20, 30 tracks seem to make their way towards the edge and begin pacing at this point. You have a vague awareness based on the echo location. Because you have an 18 plus. 21. Because you have a 21 insight check on this whole thing, you understand that protocol is when one is to patrol their own area, one does not go outside of it. The wolves are everything but. Alright, down to the couch. You're always going to go in the middle until I fix this. What are you doing, Bert? The dragon flew four miles in like a second? Yeah. What's the HP? What's the HP? Four. It's gone. The fire itself. It took 10 minutes for the fire to reach you. Now that's about four miles. And about four miles is about as far as a dragon took to get to this location. The dragon flew as fast as it possibly could. Wait, sorry, what about my HP being gone? It's gone. The phantom steed itself. Oh, oh, the phantom steed. A dragon's fire does more based on the number of die I rolled in four HP. I don't know what its phase HP is. Does it have a phase HP? If it does. I think it doesn't matter. It's probably dead. If it got a deck save and it even passed the deck save it would be a... Okay, but I just want to know. It purposefully killed it. It's very evident by the... 26 minimum damage. Okay. Nice. So the dragon just intercepted it, boom, dead. Yep. Okay. Well, not going to fly I guess, but we have to go away from the fire. When the dragon has been drawn to your location you feel a sense of unease. Wherever you go from here you know that the dragon is able to pick up hoof steps from a phantom steed from 13 miles away. But when his guy ran away we didn't hear anything because he was within the wheat. Yes. There's also a vast amount as you look over it, Glade, who seems to be counting the number of birds flying off the distance. Where are the birds flying? Towards you. Away from the fire. Towards the edge. You know what I've talked about so far is what's in the center of the circle. What I haven't talked about is what's on the edge of the circle. Now over here I'm going to go ahead and just take this black marker and I'm just going to color this whole thing in. Can you bucket the fill? There we go. That would be the astral seat. Astral seat in the sense that you can see the cosmos itself. On the outside there are 12 constellations. If you can guess what they look like. They're all weighted on the left because Microsoft Paint and I fucking blow it. That area over itself looks to be creation's edge. If the world was flat this is what it would look like. If. No question about it. If you want to sponsor us the World is Flat organization you can reach me at my Google Drive. Thank you. Alright. Alright. You know I kind of like to go with birds. Let's get out of here. With me? Yeah. I said I agree with the bird. Oh the birds. Not the birds. What did you say was in that purple circle? Which purple circle? Right in this direction? That's where I heard the wolf call from? When they first came in. Uh. Ross when you hear this later. Hello. Ross smells. Hey. You want another beer? No I'm good. I took off work tomorrow. So I will be drinking the rest of the sours. What are you going to do tomorrow? What am I doing tomorrow? I booked a hotel downtown to set. Nice. We're going to try to go hit ramen tatsuyaki before everyone else gets there. Good luck. Usually a line doesn't take off work. Usually a line is really long but it's not too long of a wait. I'll get this. So we checked for reservations in that area. There aren't any from the hours of 3pm to 8pm. I mean it is Valentine's Day but it's fair. Yeah. That's why I took off work. We're like going to go eat some food. Yeah. We're like going to go. They're like 2.30pm. I didn't realize people had Valentine's dinner at 3pm. I'm going to call that Valentine's lunch. And they're not going to eat dinner. I think I have something small. Like a salad. Maybe. Chocolate covered strawberries. Yeah. The EFIT specialty. Do you guys know what's up with that? Was like anyway allowed to take those chocolate covered strawberries? Are you supposed to be allowed to take those? Chocolate covered strawberries? Are you supposed to take them home? I think they were for each person. They were ordered them? Why didn't I do that? I don't even know what you mean. I have no idea what this like work like question is. See the fucking mystery is I don't want to eat chocolate covered strawberries the same way that I don't want to eat too much food in general. Yeah. They aren't great for diets in general. But they're EFIT strawberries. They have to be good for the health. They're EFIT strawberries which are infinitely healthier than normal strawberries. They're made of sunlight and sunshine. EFIT's the best thing ever if you're listening to us. EFIT. Yeah sponsor us later at my Google Drive. Yeah. How do we know Walker EFITs is that E.D.? Is there fun here? Is there fun here? We're fucked. We're fucked. Yeah. Also I can't tell if my neighbors are angry or just also trying to close their door. If you're here in this neighbors sponsor us. You should get the URL from the sponsors and just never use it. Alright so anyway there's howling coming from this place. From what? From this purple wood? Well there was but now it's on the edge. Fire is on your way in. You guys have already said in time for Phantom Steve that you are welcome to mutually summon again but the fire will be upon you. Wolves can defeat dragons right? I've heard that in the game. I've heard that in the game. Wolves can defeat dragons right? I've heard that in one George R.R. Martin's fantastic Game of Thrones TV series on HBO. Wolves defeated dragons right? That's what they did? Yeah the wolves definitely won that one. I honestly don't know what that was. Did you order a French dip? That's probably my French. Is that a French dip? So is it a chicken thing here? I ordered a chicken thing. I ordered a rice thing. Rice bowl? Yeah that's me. Is that what you wanted? Hey do you need silverware? That looks like you. Does anyone need silverware? Who wants forks? I got forks. Who wants a spoon? There's a dip with my egg rolls. I have chopsticks, forks, spoons. Is that a spoon? No it's like a probably fish sauce. Maybe there's a dip in there. I'll take a fork. I got some forks. Here's a fork for you. Does the other egg roll have dip in it? Do you need a fork? One thing, egg rolls. No we didn't need to. No I'm good. Go fork yourself. You can't fork us. What the fork? How many forks? Alright. We're still in the twist of it. Meadow. Other than twisted. Twisted meadow. We'll get there eventually. Out of this place. But we're howling to wolves. And there's fire and dragons on the way. About four miles away. Gun howling. He's only just begun. He's only just begun. Did you follow the people? The wolves? No they're at the edge of the winter. Kind of where the mouse cursor is. No they're still in spring land. They're in spring land but they're only born between spring and winter. I wonder what this is. Ooh. Sprats. And light. And all the good stuff. Come on. I vote we head towards the wolves. Cool. Then the fire is the one we don't head towards. I mean we can put it up for a vote. Alright. Wolves. No fire. Gleight what are you doing? I'm gonna follow him. On the way. Alright. I don't really care too much as long as it looks like it's safe from fire. You head this way. You can see that in. Head this way. The fire is at your heels as you get to the edge. And there is a wolf pack on the edge patrolling. Your familiar runs up. And is greeted with enthusiasm. As the rest of the wolves themselves seem to absorb it into the pack as you arrive. The leader of the wolves. A large white female. Her fur in stark contrast with the kind of grays and blacks of the forest around. Walks out out flat. What are you doing here? I match my beard color to your beard goes stark white. And call out. Thank you for showing us the way. Woo! None of our pack may be lost. Our home can always be found. It's an interesting way to put a Versaracha. Gross, but also awesome. Wow. Tyler, if you're listening to this later, make sure you paid Ross. Alright, keep going. Nice. Um, this is the future Tyler. Um, I don't know how to word it. Uh, one of the pack is that um, has this been since the beginning? Or is this a new beginning? Well, I mean inside check. And it vanished because of wolves. Fourteen. Fourteen and one. So it's a seventeen. Um, what you're greeted with is not that of a, uh, testing a beginner, a newbie. You're greeted with the same sort of familiarity that families greet you with. The one of the pack. And as the wolf, the head wolf sniffs the air, she looks at you and bows. Of course not. You're one of us. Where would you like to go? Prince. Prince? How could I understand any of this? No, you speak wolf. To you it's just a bunch of random howls. Almost seems threatening. Actually, I have grave business to discuss with Fenrir. And uh, the rest of my pack over here, is the one that I'm going to be using. And uh, the rest of my pack over here uh, wish to find their way to the spring court. Wooooooooooooooooooooooo! Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo! Almost pointing you in this direction. Where? Let me collect, let me select the right, right angle for no fucking reason and point you in that direction. That's where the howls come from. But for you, you speak Oh. You're ancient with. You smell like Fenrir. Did you not come from him? I don't know, anyway. Your scent. Hm? Your scent. Interesting. We can take you to the Frozen Glade. Though we must climb the mountain. It is not in the same direction as your pack. This is delicious. This broth is great. There's a good way of doing the containers. I think it's way better than the red lotus flower. Right? They give you the broth, but then the thing is so tiny. That's where like a quarter of it is. Hm. The pack must not split up. But I don't know what the best pack is right now. You are the leader of this pack, are you not? Decide. Now I've been put in this position before, and I believe in a democracy. Hm. Alright, the two of them look very confused as they're looking down at what seems to be a runway of wolf howls in the distance. And yet the dragon does not notice. From y'all two's perspective, the verge does not pay attention. Are we to go along the wolf howl way? Well, I'm not sure what's more important. Going to the Queen of Thorns for a tea party? I'm not sure what even awaits us at the top of the mountain. What mountain? There's a, in the winter, well, in the winter section, there's a path with the frozen glade. And apparently that's where my destiny leads. It's like a wintertime glade. May? Let's get this imitational tea party over with. We wouldn't want to be late to a very important date. I feel like we're late, but correct. I also feel like flighting doesn't really matter in this area. It's just a facade. It's a farce. This is true. Okay, that's a vote for do not go towards the frozen glade directly to the tea party, but also kind of a backtrack from that. So I need votes. We have three of you. The man's only braven in democracy. Let's vote tea party. Tea party vote one. Tea party vote two. I just want to know what's the most important thing in the world. Tea party vote one. Tea party vote two. I just want to ask the other wolf. I didn't even know about this until now. This can wait a little bit, right? It's not urgent. Is there a sense of urgency? You asked for Fenrir. We provided you a path. Okay. It's urgent before. Wait, what's the deal with around? You want to see your dad or mom or something? There's a prophecy I was supposed to meet Fenrir in the frozen forest. Who's Fenrir? I assume it's the wolf Zedier. I mean, uh, Norse mythology Fenrir was the wolf god. What are Norse mythologies? What does that mean? We're all arcana traps. Wait a minute. Sounds like something we can meet at the end. Alright, two down and the S. Fenrir has the patience of a wolf. What is that? Wolves can be very impatient or patient. Alright, the fire itself seems to spread. I howl out to Fenrir. I'll be there shortly. I have some business to attend to first. And like the towers of Gondor that get lit, the message is passed from mountain top to mountain top. The peep, the peep, the peep. The months like telephones are kind of like garbled. The exit is where you call to do it. A perfect answer has replied back to you on your way back. You guys get about here. Before an answer hits you. The evergreen force. Making your way down towards the Briar Patch. Gosh, it takes you guys, the better part of an hour, to navigate your way through this frozen tundra of pine trees and strange scents. It's difficult for most of you to find the wildlife in this area. Glaive, you've been looking for it. Fred. Only Burrow intuitively seems to look in the direction of the various tracks between bunnies and wolves and things that burrow beneath the snow. You make your way towards and into the Briar Patch. As you push past the very beginning of the Briar Patch itself, it seems to mold itself to your expectations. As you walk through the threshold and into the shadowy glen within. You look back towards the area that you previously came and do not feel any cold. You do not feel winter's bite. Here is a termal spring. Here there are pockets of light. But not moonlight. Sunlight. Brushing its way from the canopy above and into the area you currently walk. And it is lively in here. There are various forms of plants and animals all seeking shelter in various underground things up in the canopies. Wherever they feel that they are most safe, depending on the animal itself, this area is primal and on full alert. As you guys have made your way over in this direction, you never lost sight of the dragon as that is the primary threat. As the fire of the dragon now licks the edge of the Briar Patch. What do you do? But it's clearly not coming in. You aren't at the area where the fire itself is. You're not at the front lines. I would consider you guys at the adjacent front lines but plant. I'm down to go to the front lines to see what's up with the dragon. Or we could just go to the court. I'm down with Bert going to see the front lines and staying right here. Listen, fried chicken's really good so if I come back as that, you join me. That's fucked up. I don't eat my own people. I take that back. Go. Stay. Break the tie. I'm staying. I don't want any part of any dragon. Alright, you stay. I need a perception check from the three of you. It comes. Uh oh. I got a five. I got a six too. I got an eight. The two of you are focused on the various animals that all seem to be patrolling the edge of this briar patch itself. There are badgers and moles and monkeys and toucans and various forms of birds. None of which seem to fit the environment around them. They all seem to be this zoo, a menagerie of animals of exotic nature. All seem to be making their way over towards that area. And you guys can see a collection of about five mushroom red caps. Hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup Hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup I'm late, I'm late, I'm late, I'm late As it bounces between and it seems to fade off in the distance The two of them are looking the wrong way They're looking We are late as well Here Very well, might be You're looking Here Hmm, yes, I see those lines We might need a fresh diagram Listen They're looking, you're looking here They're looking You're looking here Yes They're looking there We might need a new diagram I'm late, I'm late, I'm late, I'm late So they're flying towards the edge, towards the dragon That's a big fight about to happen The firefight one might say Hmm If only that were a profession to say well Anyway, I'm late, I'm late, I'm late Late to what? Oh, late to what? There's no answer back to you Ooh As the, whatever that was, that light has moved faster than you can imagine Do I recognize the voice? Sounds vaguely Call me in shop Idealish Or history Best out Six Nope You have a plus a lot Maybe I have a plus 20 No, that'd be pretty sick I have a minus one You made that joke last session? No You made that joke last session? No You made that joke last session? No You made that joke last session? No You made that joke last session? No What? About you having a plus 15 history? Oh no, he can just remember the last session because he just listened to it Did you have a wreck? You're in trouble Did you have a wreck? If you had a better history check you would remember He's doing auditing of inspiration points too, so if you accidentally use more than one That's it I mean, you have one right now That's how you get one shot by a dragon Anyway, did one of you use one too many inspiration points last session? We didn't use that many You pan it within your own mind as one in your mind What? What's the retribution for overspending? You do not recommend it I recommend it Recommended? You do not recommend it You do not recommend it We're now at a minus Zero out of ten Bad boy You know what? Okay, nevermind The front lines have a something Let's just go to the fucking It's kind of a tea party I think it's time to perhaps rest It's time for the tea party Figure out what this person wants Yeah, we could take a little nap We should just go there and then they'll provide tea and perhaps accommodations and it's the burden, the onus is on them, this has been an arduous journey This has been Spring is the time of rebirth and restoration I feel like an invitation that was sent to you did not explain the full consequences of arriving here very adequately It's very fair Do you want to say anything about the person who's late? We are probably late Why would you say we're late? Don't know It's a coincidence Why would it be a coincidence? I don't know either I don't think the time rule exists Listen, I am very, very injured and I'm potentially not in full control of my consciousness right now So whatever I say, take them with a grain of salt I think you've heard that argument before And he betrayed you When did I betray anyone? Not you Reginald said the same thing Oh, now this is fair That was Reginald's fault That was the other wizard That was Reginald's fault We are closely intertwined We teleported ourselves over there In fact, the reason I am in this current state partially, mostly I'd say, was due to an acquaintance of Reginald's Was his name Bert perhaps? A grumble Y'all just sat and hid in the restroom I'm going to go get some air So you know where to hid? I have one clarification to make It's not that I don't eat pork because I'm Jewish, I just don't like pork That's fair I really like Asian pork, but otherwise no Asian pork is very sugared I do like pork shoulder, pork belly, bun I will say the egg roll is not good I've seen those slider things, those are delicious Because they have the sugar glaze Is there a remaining egg roll? No, I have it I was like, it's really not that good I had I guess two and a half Why? Listen One came with my thing, I didn't realize that That makes a lot of sense though You also stole my french dip There wasn't french dip, that was fish sauce Was it? Yeah, the sauce I showed you, you were like, ew It did not look like sauce, it was like orange-ish liquid It was like oil, it was probably just oil It was probably water, but with stuff in it It did not look like slushed around on a yellow cashew Wouldn't it be more like water inside of stuff? I think it's like ownership doesn't really... If we're 60% water, then aren't we mostly water? And then it's like water with extra stuff This filled up is also mostly water I wouldn't call it a bottle inside of water Well, maybe you're biased towards that You don't want to mentally think about yourself as a water creature Fair enough Well, I guess your brain is mostly wet too, right? I think it's the non-water parts that are important I don't know, I think the water parts are pretty important You've got a very smooth brain, it's very pretty No wrinkles here, botox it Anti-aging cream Alright, how's the decision been made? We're going to the tea party That's definitely the decision we reached That's definitely what we were talking about No, we said we were going to Femme R I have the tapes, dammit I don't think the tapes reveal anything useful What's the tea party you go, you follow the rabbit What rabbit? And at what speed? At the speed of a rabbit He's faster than you guys move normally I have a broom Yeah, but we're going to injure it I have a 40 with my broom It's faster than that 25 normally 25? 50 Are you going to fly? Yeah, I feel like I'm safe to fly here 30 He's falling behind I think I have a broom, I can do a 40 He gets 40 The rabbit is giving you a run for your money He seems to be losing But as soon as he says We're going that way You jump on your... And take flight and head in that direction After zero deliberation Because that's the only way you're going to catch him You can... How heavy are rabbits? 20 pounds 20 pound rabbit Less than 5 pounds Okay, let's slow it down there pal We got some people behind us I'm going to mage hand like... You fly and fly over and light... I'm not holding him Press him back a little What does your mage hand look like? Is it a white Mickey Mouse glove? It's a wing Actually it shouldn't be a wing Because then it wouldn't be opposable And it wouldn't be very good A wing with a thumb That would be kind of weird I haven't thought about this Does it look like a talon? I'm going to use gust Because I don't want to answer that question So it now has to succeed on a strength saving throw Because it's a medium to small creature Nat 20 Oof As he bounces through the wind itself unacosted I throw up minor illusion It says slow down Slow down He doesn't see it as it's behind him You're 40 feet He runs faster than 50 feet 30 feet? I don't know It's a cantrip right? 30 feet I'm not going to make it You're about 10 feet behind him Okay now I have to use mage hand Wait how? I can throw 30 feet From 50 feet And I go 40 How far did he start off? How far ahead did he start off? He started off about... I don't know 20 feet in that direction I'm way behind him I assume that's where he's going Is this guy saying I'm late? I'm late I'm just going to pick him up And my hand looks like I'm going to mage hand The mage hand is Me Again Another tiny version of Burt Comes in and claps And CLAP Okay I'm just going to lift him up and chill Like I have a scrub of his neck You are an illusion wizard This is kind of an illusion Kind of? It's more of a conjuration Your arcana versus my acrobatics That seems fair What does mage hand list in it? Utility Wait now what school? I don't think it has a school Oh no it's conjuration It's conjuration for sure I got an 18 I got a nat 20 Plus I think 9 Dang it! Arcana plus 9 I got 29 Notice the shelf? Don't fuck with Burt That's the most useless type of kid Burt grabs the rabbit by the scruff of the neck Pulls it And it's himself As he shows up and he just goes CLANG Grabs the thing and pulls it over It is no longer able to move As it is currently held up And You hold the rabbit up And the rabbit holds up pocket watch As he looks at it I'm late! I'm late! I'm late! I'm late! As it gets more and more frantic As you get closer and closer Minor illusion make the watch turn back Oh! Damn thing is definitely broken I believe you have time for whatever you're As the three of you arrive around him He closes the pocket watch I'll see you Well! Um...unhang me? Burt As he looks at you Instinctively because he knows it belongs to you Because you look like the thing that just got him This is a fair assumption to make Are you calm? So long as it says I'm not late! It can say you're not late as long as you'd like it to Well! Okay then! Roll me a persuasion check At advantage Fourteen Versus the three What's your spell safety, DC? Do you have a question? I don't have a question Who's question? Maximum is a seventeen, right? Yeah I have twenty, whatever that is Okay, he's fine Okay We are trying to attend a tea party At the spring court We do not know why Perchance we have chosen to come here But it has been an arduous journey Involving manipulation of Spatial locality As well as time As well as my internal organs And internal workings of my brain Well! Time, wizard! It seems we're going to the same place! Nice to meet you, I'm Nivens! Hello, I'm Bert As he still holds up the scruff of his neck He reaches out I believe my hand is already well Extended! As he reaches up and grabs the thing that's in his hand Well! This is A chance encounter You do not know why you're going to the tea party Were you not summoned by the queen of thorns? Only adjacently I believe my companion was the one addressed to attend And we are simply the plus two Do you have your invitation? I believe I am the one who is going to attend And we are simply the plus two I believe I am the one who is going to attend And we are simply the plus two Do you have your invitation? Do I have my invitation? Do you have your invitation? Do you have your invitation? Yeah, what is it? It's right here It's my name And your name is? I'm Nivens Hi, I am sunlight and a springtime flame I'll just move him towards you As he gets glued over to you And his hand outstretched and reached Nice to meet you I'm sunlight and a springtime flame You're on the list Cool You got many names in there Ummmm No Good to know Where are we headed? As I was so rudely interrupted That way What's the attire for this? I didn't know I would bring any formal wear Ooh If he looks over at you and gives you a look I'm going to be the first to know If he looks over at you and gives you a look over That is Far too much red To wear to the spring court Ooh My beard? Your beard, your hammer That glows red You have the whole red motif Looks over at Bert You look Fine I do not feel fine I'm very Is the blood staining my feathers? Potentially too much red for the springtime court? Well, I really think it's cleaned up the door I'm sure you'll clean up nicely Ummm But No, I wouldn't But you know, I'm me What about me? Are you currently in the form of a red teetoo? Yes Oops Ooh, sunlight and springtime blade It says here that you are not what you are Currently, and I'm going to have to ask That if we're going to arrive together As it says we are Umm That you change immediately Can I change when I Am almost there? Acceptable I'll give you the correct timing Of course, assuming this thing works I was just late After all Select it Very important Very unfortunate The winter is always easy Perhaps in the nature of Time and not being late After all, maybe we Attend the gala Or party Tea, of a tea variety A variety Is he His legs seem to move in the air After me? To the tea? Party! Consider it if you can move at a pace Fitting our To lowest Since slowest Remember, we're out of tortoise Well, they will win the race It's funny you say that Umm In order to gauge your distance Over time, I must require a hair A hair from you Pull the hair off The top of your head Yes, a hair from you Are you a hair? I am a hair A hair from me Business as usual A hair from you Yes Do not say it Or you know it is not Cannot conjure a hair Or I don't think I Press the digits I press the digitization I do I do not This is going to be very interesting for you I'm going to cast minor illusion on this Not on the watch, because now I only casted one And hand him a hair He does not look at the watch For now I need you to roll a Deception check To see if he looks at the watch Or sleight of hand, depending on what you're rolling You're better at 17 plus 2 from my investigation Do you have some of my beard hair in your spell work? He does In a book work From last session Your beard hair is not even your hair Who knows who that is But your hair Listen, it's not looking great with a 7 He looks at the feather Hmm Avian Looks at the watch I'm late, I'm late Once again attempts to book it This is going to be another Arcana versus I fly it Or after that I've recasted them 17 plus 9 Yeah 3 Oh man He starts running at him Aaaaaaaah Any scenes that he's not getting or Hmm Attempt to trick me will you bird? It is not much of a trick I'm late And he looks at his Oh, nevermind Perhaps it would be in the nature of your Mental Benefit for you to stop Concerning yourself with the exact Time you arrive somewhere Because perhaps Your watch has been evaluated by more Than just me I'll believe you this time Bird Just try to keep up Bird? That's not how you pronounce it Just try to keep up You two, fall in line Head up He's still being held Is there a tuxedo sharp on the way? I'll just move him with us What is the rate of 30 feet per second? His legs move way faster than this More than double His legs Every time you put him closer to the ground It seems to any catch him again Actually no I want to do with the It won't matter but when they were doing the Infinity War running scene with Captain America They had him on slightly Elevated platform so they could Make a really good running motion while just dragging him along So I'll just keep him He can keep touching the ground but he's not He's not actually moving that far Just enough that he's Just like right on the edge of the ground All of you seem to Like a wolf pack Move through this forest Bound over bound over bound over bound I need a survival check from the three of you To see which one of you gets the highest To see which one of you arrives first If someone gets the highest, he's the one that survives Everyone else is dead I did not get the highest Dammit I got a 5 I got a 12 You get here In this fucking mess Yes, yes I see where I am This fucking mess right here And you're within maybe 2 miles away you need to be Hey guys I think we're About 2 miles away I can smell the tea No that's fire I can smell the fire Alright You have a 2 mile head start We're in a skill challenge The fire behind us Is on fire and Directly parallel To you It moves a wall inward You move along that wall upward Do you reach your destination Or perpendicular Perpendicular polar For now Baywild has Equivalent geometry So 3 successes, 3 people 3 failures What do you do? How do you get there on time? Oh Based on your passive Insight You must move at least 80 feet in a turn In order to gain ground Can we hop on That's fine, Briggs's broom You'll move at least 80 if you're on your broom I'll move 100 Because we're doing the dash right? It's sprinting For 2 miles When you phrase it like that Can you do a 2 mile sprint? I don't know how exhaustion works It's on my constitution What are the challenges? Pick a thing you're proficient in And explain to me why you were able to Re-fire if you cannot move At 80 feet How far are we right now? 2 miles That's unfortunate How close is the fire On our side? It seems to get there before you do No, but sorry, I mean How close is the line of fire To us? If I went perpendicular towards it Let's do the math And say it's going to get there In less than 10 minutes The rabbit can run it though, right? Yeah, the rabbit can As the rabbit moves It's base movement speed at least Based on your calculation Of the 480 feet per second Or per turn Which is the speed you need In order to get to the place you need to be Funny how it works out Rabbit tends to pace That might as well be your rabbit You must follow Through the Briar Patch A Briar Rabbit Yeah, future title will laugh at that Anyway Are you still listening to fairy tales about Briar Rabbit Briar Bear and Briar Fox? They're Norwegian And also the origin Of the Splashtown Or like the big Log flume ride in Disneyland Alright, pick a thing It's balance abilities And proficient in And proficient in animal handling Your beginning ones Are going to be easier than your ending ones As you're beating a clock which is racing downward Failures result in A more difficult kind of Snowballs in that sense So pick and put your best foot forward and get as far as you possibly can Speaking of which, uh, delayed Fred, who hasn't spoken at all In this current amount of time Chats up Oh man, I think we're going to get Fried here, do you have any Oh, we're fine, you're fine I'm not fine You're a tiefling, you've got resistance to fire, right? You know, that's a very good point I didn't think about that Uh, well don't think too hard about it Cause none of us are tieflings other than you Also... Maybe Maybe? Maybe? I can't help you I can help you, but I can't help them I'm not there, but I Help me do what? Get there on time Uh, this rabbit Needs something to eat Well, you were the only non-flying member of this group so far So if you have an alternate route to apply to a destination Perhaps it is in your best interest to take it You said you couldn't help them? Uh, I can't help them, I can help you though Uh, I can't help them, I can help you though I can help you though, buddy I appreciate that Uh, still challenge, what are you doing? Who's going first? I'm going into the fire and above it Into the fire? Are you about to invest in your plane? I wish No, I'm just gonna, I'm pulling a Zelda Oh, yes I can sprint as long as I'm on the edge of the front running part of the fire And it's less effort for me to sprint that way Uh, because of the updraft? Yay, yay, yay, yay, yay, yay, yay Okay Uh, Burt, you're out of the skill challenge I inherently have to let the rabbit go You let it go? As soon as you let Nivens go He books it as fast as he possibly can At a speed of 160 feet per turn Holy cow As soon as his legs hit the ground And both Burt and Nivens are out of the skill challenge And both Burt and Nivens are out of the skill challenge As the two of them have a bank in view I was gonna use Nivens Burt, it's your turn You're there looking at What used to be your plan My plan is gone The puppy is there on the ground beneath you Ah, ah How fast can my dog run? He attempts to pee on the ground towards the fire It works, but it doesn't seem to be work It doesn't seem like it will hold The fire back We don't know yet This forest is not frozen It's not your turf It's not your plan It's not the place you have a place to be The time to get there What are you doing? Um, yeah I guess I'm hopping on my broom Sprinting? Sprinting, trying to catch him I mean, I guess sprinting with a broom shouldn't be that hard Okay, you are also out of the skill challenge then So as long as you're moving faster than 80 feet per turn So as long as you're moving faster than 80 feet per turn You're out of the skill challenge I get it I am alone Fred said he could help at least I got a thing And latch it onto the rabbit Yeah, and he would easily carry you What's the friction of a flying rabbit? Oh, was it frozen for us? It got this thing about you That we haven't talked about yet Oh, Sam Like you've been like that guy Yeah, that would be sick Where are you from? Time passes The fire is getting in my feet Maybe we should talk while running No, no, it's important Where are you from? There we go I'm from Bunchroom Okay, okay Well that's a thing But you've got this thing around your arm Your hands You've got these wraps So kind of I need you to roll me with a I need you to add your Are you proficient in religion? Nope Wait, am I? Yes I am Aha You have a background feature That we have never used Oh boy That is currently very out of place Your character can eat rabbit Do you have a rabbit scout? From any range As long as you're on the same plane What does it give you? You can just eat rabbits all the time That's a very good question I'm not sure where the background is I think that's description Features and traits Background People will support me if they share my religion Shelter of the Faithful? Good question, what are you looking for? I'm looking for a shelter Okay cool That is five Plus three I guess If we're doing religion Eight? Okay You look at Fred, who looks at you You've got that religion right? Yup Okay well guide us to the place Apparently my guide My guide is pointing me away from the fire It's 50 feet away As he just books it 60 feet as he sprints Okay, because it sprints after him The turn passes Stealth roll, stealth roll Hiding from the fire, yes That makes sense It's like that one sci-fi movie Like the sci-fi channel Originals I remember watching that channel all the time 19 Okay, this turn you are going At the two of you will book it Through the forest unaccosted By the branches, you make it to turn Five out of ten Five more of these Five more, good boy Indubitably Oh boy Uh oh That would be unfortunate Take a thing Take a thing You know that would be a very good thing to try I don't think I'm going to be able to persuade the fire to not eat me Well, you never know Take whatever you're best at Maybe you're really good at it Well, the next best thing besides religion Would be acrobatics I think I'm going to try to dodge around All the trees and fires Just go faster That is a 19 Plus a 2 is a 21 Okay, you succeed Give me a stealth roller at disadvantage Cool That's unfortunate That is a math one You could not get any worse than that You can roll again It's disadvantage though Blade, what you see is you bounce between the trees And get a success One success, one failure out of three Two turns in As you bounce between the trees Like a Naruto character You hands back Non-moving as all Naruto characters do You land with a thumb Against the tree You look down And there are a collection of 14 different Little red hats I hope I hope It's off to where it may go I hope They're singing Are they mushrooms or are they dwarves? They have little mushroom hats I see They look smaller than dwarves, smaller than gnomes They have big beards They're whitened And they have Tiny little pickaxes behind them I hope It's off to where it may go Good luck fighting that fire No As you call it to it What? 14 I said good luck fighting that fire You started the fire? No, it was that dragon way over there You see? No Don't say nothing Sorry I'm done What was your skill challenge? I did acrobatics Acrobat? You bounced against the Dead sense fire you? Alright, well Good luck, friendo Thanks Skill challenge 3? Skill challenge 3 Can I retry religion? Can I? You have an inspiration point? No Do one more I can give you my inspiration point There we go As long as you swear to me The nocturnus approach I'll be running because It's the inspiration point to use this religion I want to become your patron saint I think the spot's already taken I'm sorry There's room for two That's true Not exactly monogamous That might be somewhat true You're just a polytheist Yeah, there you go Well The big caps beneath you seem to be humming their tunes and they throw you through the forest unacosted by the fire Can I ask them how they're not being fired? Is that your plan? Are you going to use persuasion? I am going to use persuasion I'm going to be like, hey, you guys mind showing me how to not be on fire? Sure Well persuasion This is significantly better than all the other rules I've tried so far That is an 11 which works out to a 20 What fire? What, you need some help? Yeah, I appreciate it It's called spring Ah, you have to do a tea party? Yeah, not too far away Well, we're on our way there ourselves Cool Come on here, friendo, what you got? Did you make your way down? Uh I don't yet The cave's on fire Everything's on fire, this is your first chance Did you make your way down? Yep Alright, who belongs to the red court? Who belongs to the red court? Probably don't know Name's uh Humgrim Leadfellow, nice to meet you Palo, friendo? Nice to meet you too What brings you to this snake of the woods? I just got invited to a tea party But it would be fun to go to You have your invitation? It's just my name What's your name? Uh, hi, my name is Sunlight and it's springtime late My late? Pulls out his hat, looks into it? It checks out Alright, well How good are you at swinging a pig-axe? Um, not great But I can hold it Well, it's off to work we go then, here you go And he hands you a pig-axe Hi-ho Hi-ho, it's off to work we go Ba-ba-ba-ba Roll for sleep, or roll for points Alright, that's another one of my good stuff Uh, does a 14, works out to a 19 Alright, a 19 is you whistle along and are unacosted as you make your way towards the tree and forest and catch up with your friends Can I whistle? Go for it No, you cannot New family performance check As you make your way and you seem to reach the places beneath this Within this brighter patch There's like a triple agent that can table on him, who knows who he tables to at this point That's true Yeah, it's got like 15 different people to tell things to It's fine So my friend? Yeah, he's in deep Um, as you make your way through, and it's almost like the forest itself seems to move itself in your path outside your path One more time, getting a religion check This is for your second, or for your third success That's a 10 You fail it As you continue with the group you must pick a different skill or your proficiency Alright, the two of you, you're on the edge of the fire, you continue moving forward You, Bert, are on the edge of the fire itself and seem to be pushed along the forest and you find yourself at a difficulty dodging all of the obstacles in your path As you were surfing You're surfing through waters that are effectively covered in spiky rocks Spiky rocks are in the forms of trees and briars I need you to make a dexterity saving, or an athletics check acrobatics check Bert, you're flying but you're behind Bert, you can see him off the distance and yet you are not nearly as close to the fire as he seems to be flying as close to the fire as he possibly can Like a phoenix back on the fire behind him What'd you get? 18 He is dodging nimbly between the trees and self Like a f**king attack on Titan as they move through the woods themselves, he seems to web-sling his way between trees I'm casting like gusts and stuff to like myself away, you know The illusion of cool guys don't look like explosions never leaves his face I see Mace's way through his He's got the sunglasses on They are transition lenses and now is the time to try looking Oh my god Yeah, I got those on The fire is pretty bright Yours were left back 6 seconds and they just keep appearing It's all just distorting your vision You have like random like once every 6 seconds like a frame drop A frame, glasses I pick insight Can I look at what other creatures are doing to avoid the fire? Oh, you should do instead Every 6 seconds throw it really far in front of you and then you fly into them There are creatures planned creatures of the air and creatures of the trees I suppose the most applicable one Okay, badgers Unless you're still in tune with it every 6 seconds Julie Hedgehogs hamsters mice, rats all of them seem to be all digging beneath the treetops themselves There are small bits of shelter underneath each of the trees as these animals seem to join this underground elaborate community I don't think any of them are big enough You take a second and look and you see a large badger underneath a tall oak tree it looks dark in its leaves I've gone all but black but they have never fallen This tree seems to stand in the middle of what one might call the twisted metal slice If I recall that One might call it that If I were to call it that it would be like here I would say it's about there Yeah, somewhere in the vicinity I think it's a little north of there Yeah, because where we were looking before we would have seen it I just drew it all over the place so you could see it but it's in the center of that You think you might be able to think What did you get with your check? I didn't do anything What did you get with it? I didn't pick anything yet You're supposed to pick something man It's a skill show I'm going to start doing the breaststroke Breaststroke your way through? What does that mean? It helps me go faster Yeah, but in D&D 5B skills What skill is that? That's athletics So while riding your broom you are grabbing onto the nearby branches and swinging your way faster than your broom can possibly deactivate and reactivate Now you and I both know what your broom activation award is as all wielders of a magic broom do but what is your activation award? I don't remember having one Okay, well now it's time to pick one We're on recording Well, as we all remember Uh Tazer Do you want some help? Come on, come on, what are you doing? I'm drawing a blank I was going to say Deja Vu Uh huh Uh Shiner Shiner it is as you keep saying indoorish, shiner, shiner, shiner, shiner, shiner, shiner, shiner, shiner, shiner, shiner, shiner, shiner deactivating or reactivating your broom Blue owl I think that's a better broom word Blue owl or dwarfish? Yeah, I don't know that Okay, sure As you keep saying it over and over and over again What was your athletics check? What was your athletics check? What was your athletics check? What was your athletics check? What was your athletics check? What was your athletics check? What was your athletics check? What was your athletics check? What was your athletics check? What was your athletics check? What was your athletics check? What was your athletics check? What was your athletics check? What was your athletics check? What was your athletics check?