 That's badass. That's badass. Cool. No, I mean I'm legit gonna make it go fast, so no. Good. I'm excited. I can't wait. Okay, so the first thing that's on my checklist is before I even leave the ruins of Cloud City, I want to grab the Elemental Focus book that the Shipwreck guy said he would make me. Yeah? That I gave him scales for. Yeah, for Delbert? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, so did you give him red scales or bronze scales? Red. Okay. Because you said he would do some fire shit. Yeah, he does do fire shit. So what I have here in D&D Beyond, let me just pull up this stat, this bad boy creation mind-own group collection. Wait. The... The Archie focus. There we go. You see a dragon scale... Bronze scale wand is right there. So I think I created a bronze scale one and not a red scale one. Okay. But it's the same thing. So you get a plus one to your spell attack, plus one to your spell save DC. Okay. And in addition, you may ignore ones whenever you roll fire damage. Holy crap. That's amazing. Ones and twos you may reroll once. Okay. And you get an additional 1d6 of fire damage whenever you cast a fire spell. So much more roasting will be had. Can you, like, bookmark or link it to me or something in Slack so I can move it to my inventory? I just need to make one that is a similar one for red, so let me just do that real quick. Cool. Yeah, just make a bookmark or something. Okay. So that was what I wanted to do on the ship before I left. The next thing I wanted to do was deposit my gold because Sprocket can't carry 12,000 gold. Okay. That's so funny. So the question that that brings up is I gotta find a bank, and I assume there's several banks in Mardov. There are. But you're currently in Cloud City right now. So there's the Ice House, which is unaffiliated right now with the Monothern General Trust, or MGT. Is that the FDIC of Mardov? Yes. Okay. So the Monothern General Trust. So Monothern is like New York City. Oh, okay, cool. It's got the stock market. It's got the stock market, it's got futures, it's got everything. Wait, can I go to the bank plus Sprocket? If what you did syncs up with what I'm doing right now, did you go straight to Monothern? Right? Yeah. I'm sure that there's a lot of money. Everyone's gonna deposit. So whatever he deposits, I'm calling deposit. I'm depositing in the Ice House, telling them to join the Monothern Global Trust so that I can become a VIP at the Ice House, as I am one of their... Biggest depositors. Biggest early investors, and also hooking them up with the MGT. I imagine the bank teller there was like covered in soot, and he's like, wait, you want to deposit here? And he's looking around. I was gonna deposit with the Crockett. I mean, that's the other... Yeah, I just want to hear about the options. So it sounds like the Ice House is an option, it sounds like the Monothern bank is an option. That's the guy who's at the Ice House right now. Wow, that looks like a guy who's gonna take care of my money. His name is Groban Haas. Groban Habas. Yeah, he's Groban Haas. Groban Habas, there we go. Okay, so that's one option. Tell me about the FDIC of Mardoff, of Monothern. So, you've got the Monothern General Trust. Now, the Monothern General Trust is gonna give you a 3% return on investment. Holy shit, that's great. But that is after a full year's worth of investment. So, if you were to place your stuff in for a six month, you would not get the annual dividend. Okay. Okay. However, the general purpose of a Monothern, the purpose of putting your money with the Monothern General Trust is that in any Monothern bank affiliate, you are able to withdraw up to 50,000 gold there. So, if you go to a different city, it's gonna take you a week before you can get more than 50,000 gold. Where did? You would get a money order directly from the Minister of Coin of Monothern itself, but that would require you to get written consent from the Minister of Coin. So, the Magisterial Circle itself has got the Transmuter's Circle. So, it does, but that's a totally different banking affiliate. Because the problem is, the Transmuter's Covenant, their goal is to make sure that all gold that you bring in has not been transmuted and was created the proper way. Oh, so my gold won't qualify. It might not, because you have turned your gold from Electrum into Gold Covenant. Oh shit. It used to be gold coins at some point. Now, the problem is, the question you have to yourself is, is the coins that I'm currently carrying minted properly? Yeah, I need to find a bank that doesn't care if they're minted properly. That would be the Monothern General Trust. Alright. MGT it is. And it's convenient because we can withdraw in multiple places around the planet. Most places allow you to withdraw from the Monothern General Trust. Now, you do have the bank, the Qua Shehar, but that would mean that you would keep all of your gold in one place at the Sand Seas, and you would have to take the corals to the Sand Seas in order to withdraw your gold. So you have kind of three main banks. You've got the Magister Circle with the Transmitters Covenant. You have the Monothern General Trust. Then you have the Qua Shehar. Now, Cloud City was not a part of any of the three of those, because it was in the fucking sky. Now, part of the reason why Captain Lysen and they were there was to establish a relationship so that they could place a Matron signal here. But them being here also led to the sky falling. Relations are rocky. Just a little bit. It's both for Connor. Okay, well then what I will do is... Especially since the people who were slightly involved in this process happened to be using the Qua Shehar ship. There's a little bit of bad blood there now. But it's okay, because they've got the Monothern General Trust. Are there any benefits associated with using the Qua Shehar or Sand Seas? So the Sand Seas are great because you know that anywhere there's a portal to the Sand Seas, you can get to the bank. Gotcha. Now, if you go with the Monothern General Trust, you have to go to a big city. But you can come across the Qua Shehar in all of them in different ways. So the Qua Shehar are probably the most accessible, but you have to deal with Oswald. Who's that? Trixie's dad. Never mind. The decision has been made. Listen, as soon as I give money to my future father-in-law, I don't see it again. Not for that good rate. Okay, so question about Monothern General Trust. Do I have to go to the big city in Monothern to open an account? Or can I open an account just wherever? You can open an account in any Monothern branch. One of those has to be Wynhaven. Hell yeah. Okay, that's what we'll do. I'll open an account at Wynhaven. That's going to be one of the first things on my list. But the other thing on my list in the immediately category is the first rest I take, I'm going to pick up Gentle Repose as a spell. Smart. And then under the everyday category of my checklist, I have Cast Gentle Repose as a... How diligent about this party. I set a reminder on my cell phone. And at the time, every day at that time... It's like part of my morning routine waking up. You wake up and you check the page and you have the General Repose. As I'm sitting in my morning drinking my coffee and thinking about my day, I cast as a ritual Gentle Repose on the Necro page in my spellbook. What was that page for? I don't know yet. You don't know what it's going to do. Listen, Varys, I let him touch my spellbook and he did something mysterious to it. And now I have to deal with it. Okay, the first time you do this... This would be after my first long rest because I had to pick up Gentle Repose. So, okay, you're heading over to Windhaven? Yes, and so... Can you charter anybody to take you there? Can the boat take me or is it already gone? The Darla... Darla, can Darla take me or are they already gone? They're headed... You want to look at a map? You're here. You're here, right? They're headed over here. Okay, so they're going the wrong way. So they're going the wrong way for you. Okay, well, so it sounds like I'm already right next to Windhaven. You're straight up like here. How far is that distance? It's a day's travel per major hex. You see that big hex? So it'd be two days travel? Well, I will just... There's also the farmer's daughters who are the people who are around Windhaven who no longer have a job because they no longer have a... Storm to travel traverse? Yeah. So there are a lot of people with elephants who look at the work. So I think what my plan is is I will... I'm not just going to immediately leave Cloud City. I'm going to take a rest in the hotel. In the Roost Hotel and Casino. Welcome to the Roost Hotel and Casino, Sparky. It's good to see you again. I'm going to take one more rest before I get out of your hair. I'm heading to Windhaven tomorrow. Do you need me to take anything? Do you have anyone who needs to go to Windhaven? Ah, well... Windhaven, Windhaven... Um... I believe there is a... Aura the Bard looking to travel. Aura the Bard? Okay. Um... lovely woman. Terrible bad vibes. But... Okay. Her singing voice makes up for it. She gets between it. I can out-hour meet you here in the lobby in the morning. Sounds great. Excellent. I'd love some company on the way to Windhaven. Alright. Go to bed. Pick up spell in the morning. Cast spell on Necro page of book. In the back of your mind... Oh, here we go again. ...that small note, that piece, whatever... Whatever she has left of her is there. As you cast it, you pass it upon your spell book. There is a sense of pain and a headache that hits for the entirety of the spell in ten minutes. Oh, no. Or you're just like... Did you say he gets the bends? The bends, yeah. It's just like this upset stomach. Your head is twirling, you're heading behind your mind. As there's a gentle and yet constant screaming in the back of your head. So you can hear your... Sounds awesome. ...your hand and your fingernails are still gripped to the page. As you pull them off, look back down in the spell book, it looks fine. It's okay. Everything is normal. I mean, you realize, fuck, I've got to do this every day. Good God. Okay. This is amazing. Mornings are going to suck for a while. Well, so, if you... Seeing as our downtime is four months and 27 days, if something were to happen in the intervening time of four months and 27 days, because I'm casting it every day, just let me know. And if not, I will just keep casting it. Okay. That's a personal spell, is it not? Mm-hmm. Okay. So I rest, I wake up, I go down to the lobby, looking around for, I'm assuming, just Randall in girl form, because that's all I know about bars. Looking for a green cloak. Yeah, like long-haired Randall. And this is who meets you there in the front door, and she's kind of like looking around and sitting in the lobby, and you're looking around in the lobby, and it takes you guys a solid like 20 minutes to realize you're waiting for each other. I do that thing weird thing where I like keep making eyes with her and like kind of just point. She like looks at you and she's like... Alright, and then I'm gonna go over and talk to her. Hi, I'm Sprookin'! Okay, hello. My name is Aura. I am... Good to meet you! That's right. Yes, you're going to Windhaven? Yes. Okay. Great. I'm a bard! And she like throws her hands out and like the fingertips kind of create this wasp wispy smoke around here. I know all kinds of tales. What is your tale? Sprocket? Sprocket? Wait. Oh, no! Yes! I just learned this song! A song? The tale of...no, the ballad. The ballad of Sprocket and Trixie. My face immediately darkens. Star-crossed lovers. Here, hold on! And she begins to play the bagpipes. With every note, my shoulders sag. You never thought Sprocket could get smaller, but somehow he's shrinking. He's just dying inside like what's going on? And she goes...and she rolled an 18, like a natural 18. She's a bard. So this is like... A 30. You can almost hear Randall singing it. Is it audible that every single other person around here? Oh, it's every...she's just in the middle and she's playing the song as you guys are walking your way through the remnants of Lapidatown on your way out. She's just belting this song as she walks along and when she stops, she looks at you and... Hey, you're a gnome! Correct. Are you THE Sprocket? No! Correct. No? I want you to roll that. That's deception right there. Oh, I made a dime. That would be mean. Deception is definitely my stat. He lied. It could be, you know, you lack self-confidence and you don't think you're THE Sprocket. Well, alright, deception. That's a negative one, baby. Here we go. Gah! Four! Oh my gosh! Oh my gosh, oh my gosh, oh my gosh, oh my gosh. Okay, tell me everything. Tell me everything. Every detail. We have a whole day. It's worth the travel. I cannot wait. How lucky am I? Oh hey, you're moving kind of slow. Do you need some help with that? She, like, with one hand still, like, just around the backpack, still kind of ish playing, the other hand goes and picks up and, like, helps you carry some of the gold in front of you. Oh yeah, because I just have a massive haul. It's just this massive backpack. You probably gotta, like, have a horse or two to carry. She just, she just, it should, it should have a horse. But she's, but he eats. And she's just, you know, in front of you, just a big sack of money. I'll, I'll talk about my past if you answer one thing. Who taught you that song? I was taught this song by the Pegasus bar himself. Fred. Fred! You do know him! Oh my gosh, you tell me everything! As you begin to travel your way down towards Winnipeg. Winnipeg! It is like being on just a 24 hour long interview. She asks you literally everything. She starts, like, trying to make songs out of the littlest things. This is more deception rolls. Let's do, let's do three. Let's do three deception rolls. Here, you got a three for me. I don't know what I was trying to do, but it's probably everything she says. I'm just gonna deny. First question is, how did you meet Randall? Let's see, what would I answer that question? How did I meet Randall? I'd say he was my apprentice, which is a lie. 18. I got an 11. Yes! He's your apprentice? Okay, okay, what did he study for you? I say this one. I'd say, I'd say anatomy. Wait, are you a doctor? I got a zero. Wait a minute. I mean, I'm sure he knows his way around anatomy, but it doesn't seem like his area of expertise. You've got to be some kind of great and powerful magician. Are you a magician? I saw that magic thing. Sprocket would admit to being a magician, I think. He wouldn't lie about that. I would say, yes, I'm a wizard. Okay, okay. Now then, what spells did you teach him? The spells that I teach him. Wait, no, no, no. I got a better question. Where is Trixie right now? Alright, this one's rough. Hold on, let me make my portent rules for this morning before I... Alright, today's portent rules are a 17 and an 8. Those are good ones. 17 and an 8. And I say... She's dead. I put on this forlorn face and I tear up a little bit and I say, I was hoping you wouldn't bring that one up. She fell with the city and we can't find her. She's gone. Wait. Mine's a 16. I'm portenting it. Oh shit, okay, I got a 6. Yes! That is so tragic. Don't do it. The search for Trixie. What's the next song? Oh my gosh, okay. Alright, I haven't earned what color cloak I'm gonna be, but let me tell you. I just have to write this song. I just have to write it. I have to find her. Okay, just do it. I'm gonna work backwards from Randall's song and I'm gonna figure out where she is and then I'm gonna find you and I'll tell you and I'll show you. I'll bring her to you. I will reunite the lost loves. Oh god. Oh no. Okay, you can do this under one condition. What's the condition? All money you make from royalties on this song, I get 10%. Deal! Deal, deal, deal! Deal. Alright. And when you bring Trixie, you bring the money too. Okay. Okay. Good. Okay, I'm heading to the Traveler's Pony. I believe this is the gates. Goodbye and good luck and next time you see either Trixie or if you see Trixie, you gotta know about it. I have, well... It's a shame that like magicians can't pass out like magician phone numbers. This is my message code. This is my signal. Probably on my signal anytime. She doesn't have sending. That would be too good. Well, I'll see you around. Okay. As she walks off, I turn around and I say one last thing. I'm like, don't try too hard. She's probably gone forever. I mean... I can't wait to find her! Oh god damn it! She's got her hands up. Well, she's got me hard to find! Alright, so the gates of Windhaven are... I go, I look for the bank. They're nuts right now. All of the farmers' daughters are out there at the front and they're just standing at the gates kind of looking out. Some of them look about battle, like recently battle blood, like bloody battle. Some of them look resting and whatever. But you head straight towards where? The bank. The bank? Okay. You know where the bank is? Of course I know. Oh, I pull my cloak up a little tighter around my head. Make your way over. I put my hood on. Hello. I try to like stay out of the middle of the road, perhaps stay on the side of the road. There you go, Windhaven. There you go. Alright, where'd she go? Where's my librarian? Oh, she's in the seed bank. Fossa. Alright, she's in the upper cross? Yeah, she's in the upper cross. She's so unassuming. Welcome back, dearie. Wait, the bank is in the library? Welcome to the Bank and Library of the Windmill. Hello? Would you like to store acorns here with us? God damn it! Acorns, you mean gold? Aye, indeed, dearie. Oh, is this? Aye, indeed, dearie. Oh, is this a branch of the GMT, General Monothern Trust? The Monothern General Global Trust, yes. Brilliant! We are MGT certified, of course. I'm a... HAAA! Oh, dearie. HAAA! It's all of that gold. I'd like to open an account. Well, that is... certainly, certainly you can do that. How long would you like to be banking with us? Would you like a note written in which language, dearie? Common. Oh, common, of course. That would be the most common of banknotes. Good pun. Thank you. So, who do I make this out to? Sprocket what? Oh, man. Sprocket, like, glances around, sees, like, who's in hearing distance. Yeah, roll a perception. Ah, perception. Oh, by the way, the scar on this old lady... Is brutal. ... straight up there. Like, that's there, and she's not carrying... she's carrying a cudgel. What? That's a cudgel. That's like a cudgel with nails in the head. I'm scared of this lady. Yeah! Eleven. Eleven? Mm-hmm. Okay. You look around, and there are numerous squirrels, these halflings that are wearing the brown clothes that kind of pull out as they float their way down across from the stats of this giant library within this window willow. You don't recognize anybody, but you still feel that prickly thing on the back. What the heck? Hmm. What can I do here? Um, I say to her, my, uh, my full name's a little complicated. I'll write it down for you. And so I get out a sheet of parchment and I write it down, which I literally do right here. Perfect. Now you understand that you can retrieve your gold in any place which is backed by the MGT. You need a good list of locations that are pre-approved. Oh, fuck. Yes, I do. I would like that. Okay. Well, you've got your... you've got your done pass and your my fern and your conchise abbey. Of course, of course, of course. The magister circle. I give her the piece of parchment. It just says my name on it. Oh, yes. Um, oh. My spack. Oh, heck. Sprocket. Oh, god! And then there's a... Fuck. ...the back. And you recognize him almost immediately with that guy go... The last thing. There he goes. There's that... Of course, of course it's the adventurer. Do you tend to turn around? Yes. So there's Machu and Argas and Dawn Pass and you've got your monophon and of course the tribes of Bynar. There are a branch of improvement, you understand, within a certain amount of time. I'm led to believe that we have other visitors outside the city who have been reached out to a number of places. Anywhere where you can find civilization, you can find the MGT. Please let me stop giving the company a call. You're good. I have one last question. Can I... If I'd like to pay a sum of money to someone, can I write them a check which then they can go cash with the MGT? Is that a thing that this bank can do? There is no way of which we can verify the authenticity of said check. You understand, you may be writing such a thing under duress with MGT, or do not. A proof of extortion, of course. Only taxes. Do you have a place to withdraw money in Vartos? Indeed, dearie. Within the Master Circle we do have it. Brilliant! Here's my money! Oh, yes! I'm going to need half a hand! I'll have you. This is a larger half-orc. Guy comes in behind and grabs the... Two hands. And heads out. Okay. What was the... Oh, I show. Oh, it was 12,521 gold. Of course! What's it weigh like? 12,528 gold. Oh, good. He's very well trained. From the monothurn bank itself. But, dearie, that's just what all of you have come here for. Eh? Just to deposit my money, that's it. Is there anything else I ought to be doing, dear? No, no, no. Just the last time we spoke. You are off on a big mission. Just was wondering how it went. Listen, I've been on some sort of mission for as long as I can literally remember. So which mission was it that I referred to last time I was here? Oh, you were saving that wonder of the city in the sky. I don't think it went very well. No! Well... Are you not an adventurer, sprocket overspot? Have you heard the song, too? What song are you talking about? Forget about it! There is no song! I'm not the song! I'm the adventurer and we did save some of the city in the sky. I... You know, say something about it. I do recognize your name. Okay. Are you familiar, dearie, with a book? Don't tell him that. I want to tell him that. I've read many a book in my days. The Mustard Tale of Darling and Gideon. No. I'm not. Should I check it out? I pull out the library card that I have. Oh, you're a library bivver! Well, that makes things easy. Yes, I believe you're accredited in this book. Oh, shit! Yeah! I'll go check that shit out! That would be unfortunate, part, dearie. Oh. Someone else has checked out this book. Ah! Who? Did I start with an R? No. Do you know a sin? Yes. But... sort of. Lovely, dearie. She traveled here with her sister. Okay, I can find them. I checked out all the copies of the book they could find. Every single one? Indeed. We have at least thirteen. Good God! I'll find them, don't worry. I don't think it's strange, but you understand... Well, her sister is somewhat of a celebrity here with Leonidas. Are they still in town? No. They set off. Did they mention where? They are looking for wherever that book led them, I assume. Did you read the book? Oh, I had the list. Well, of course I read every book. Hmm. Okay. What was the part about me? I don't care about the rest. You spend some time outside the city in help of Bard there, who... Do you still have it? Of what? The pocket watch, of course. The pocket watch does not work. Gold? Hmm. I actually don't think I... I don't think I would have gold if I remember the tale. It's not in my inventory. It's not from your sage background? Oh, sage background? I mean, maybe. You have a trinket from your sage background. I do. Did I say that was a pocket watch at some point in time? Yes. Okay. Yes, I have that! Oh. I'm curious. Does it still not work? I pull it out of my pocket. Nope! Locked at 3 a.m. It's not ticking. Hmm. Eh. Curious and curiouser. Was that the book? Indeed it was. But if you haven't read it, I'll let you. Come back another time, of course. We'll... We're supposed to return the book. I will either find the persons who rented 13 copies or just wait until they return it. What's the due date? Why, a year and a day, Gary. A year?! And a day. What, are they mentally challenged?! That's just not... Who needs a judge? Do they need to learn how to read before they read it?! Oh, God. I would love it if you kept your voice down in the library and you look up and there is the guy, the shopkeep from earlier, just shooting daggers, looking down and just holding his ears over and down again. I don't look, I don't address that guy, but I see the cudgel that she's holding. Roger. Thank you, dearie. I hope he comes up and tells you he forgives you. I hope he doesn't come up at all. And I say... He's like, this is about me, not about you. Thanks for all your help. I'll be going now. And I start to walk towards the exit. Remember. It is? Yeah, it's never the end. I have heard that somewhere before. And I keep walking. Out the door! Alright, out the door to you. Okay, bank deposited, back to the checklist. Alright. Did elemental focus, did deposit in the bank, picked up gentle repose, been casting it every day. Alright, next place to travel... I want to see this to-do scroll. It's just like a checklist. We are pushing our boundaries on time here. I know that I... So the stuff I have left is literally just stronghold stuff. I'm going to go to Magister's Circle, I'm going to talk to the transmutation covenant, and then we get to work on building a stronghold. Perfect. Okay, so the transmitter, you have a brief run-in, we will talk about it another time, with the head of the definers covenant. Oh boy. But she's not in when you get there. Brilliant, that's exactly what I wanted. And her second-in-command is like, well, she knew you wouldn't be buying, but she wanted to make sure she handed you this. She hands you a note. You're not allowed to open it. Until... The time. Roger. This is kind of standard diviners covenant bullshit. So you get to the Platinum seat of the transmitter. And this is where I wanted to have my timeline sync up with Randall's while he was also at the Magister's Circle. Okay. And as he walks out with Evan in tow behind him, both of them, they see you off the distance looking out as you're on your way up to the Magister's Circle. Who sees me? Randall does. Oh, okay. Or you see him. I don't know. He's got his cloak up. If we're going to another portion of Magister's Circle, I feel like I've been requested by Evan to be watched to the bar. You are welcome to do so. If you want to go with him. Yeah. I don't care where the timelines sync up. I just wanted to have like five hours with you in the Magister's Circle to help convince someone to do something. I'll leave that in here. I'll come back and take a moment. Can I keep this flask? Yeah, of course. Okay, cool. Be back. Vera, I'm not supposed to leave yet. He goes back in. All right. You meet up at the birthright tree. Randall? I heard your song. Did you? Did you like it? No. What was the problem? Was it the second verse? Yes. I don't care. I wasn't sure about it, but like... I'm trying to let that whole situation cool off, and now it's on fire. Oh, you mean the content. Not the chord structure. I understand. Anyways. Do you want to build a fort? Absolutely. Great. To build our fort, we need to get the transmutation covenant to help us build it faster. Oh, yeah, for sure. Okay. Stagecraft is where they spend their time. Okay, so here's the deal. I've been here before. You went through the trials, made it all the way up to the top, you talked to Evan. That meant that, and you are a member of the Magister's Circle, one of the covenants, you make your way in perfectly easily. They tip their hat to you, and they go, and as you walk through, they kind of do that with everybody. There's a semester, and so Azure has more people, and more people we have to go through. As you guys make your way in, there are, what is it, 12? How many circles? One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. There's nine different pathways. You guys have only been up one, which is towards the alabaster seat. You take a hard right and go to the one, one of the four on the right, the bottom right, that is the transmitter's kill. As you get there, the hallway begins to change, and begins to change material every few minutes. It's wood, it's marble, it's glass, it's wood, marble, glass, stone. I'm going to step over the air. You step over the air? Yeah. I don't want to get tricked. Okay. You step over it. Over the air? What does that mean? It's transmuting from one material to the other. You don't want to step on all of them. Step over the air? Like that gap in between tiles? Okay. So don't step on a... I'm scotching your way across. I can't do that, so I'm just walking normally. What material are you trying to land on? Any that feels safe. Any that feels safe? You know what I mean? The first one you jump onto is a plank of wood. Does it creak like a wood? It does. That's dope. That's cool. And you kind of piano key your way over across. You get towards the area, a nondescript wizard, and he goes, what's your business? We'd like to petition with you. He goes, what's your business? We'd like to petition the Transmuter's Guild to help us build a castle. That's business business. Business business. You need a platinum seat for that? Yes. That's big business. How much coin you got? Several thousand. All right, that is big business. Come with me. And he gets headed that way. As you go through, there are two goblins that are standing on either side of this giant door. Goblins go, what's his business? It's big business. He opens the door, and in the door is this woman who greets you and says, what's their business? Big business. Oh, nice to meet you. I am... ...Cillianar. Sprocket. This is Randall with two L's. Randall with two L's and Sprocket. Oh, but Sprocket, of course. Yes. You're back. Yep. Oh, okay. What can I do for you? We want to build a castle, but we're on a strict timeline. We could do it ourselves. No doubt about that. We have the manpower, but we need it to go a little bit faster. I'll speed it up. It's a classic speed-up process. Now, what is the total size of this keep stronghold establishment tower? Is it a tower? There will be a tower. In addition to a tower, there will be a lodge. Another lodge? I'm asking outside of Game Riders, are you building a lodge too? Do we want to? If there's only one lodge, only one ranger gets the benefits. I was going to put mine in the hex next door, and it's going to be an in-way station on the way in. An in-tree way? A day's travel away. It's not terribly far, but far enough to... There's a hex a day's travel away. You guys are planning on placing it right here, are you not? Well, pull up the map. Do you have the valley of anchors? Pretty much. Well, north. North. Yeah, right here. There. Okay, you guys do remember that when you last did this forest right here, there were T-Rexes. T-Rexes? You remember the T-Rexes, the guy that tamed the T-Rexes? Wait a second. My favorite enemy is beasts. This is perfect. Just know that they're T-Rexes. There would be dinosaurs in that area. I want to do it. Pull up the Mardov map. Mardov, close to Cloud City. Brilliant. I was thinking zoom in on Mardov's hack. Do it that way or do it this way? Scroll, scroll, scroll. Okay, so my thoughts were either the hex next to the Magister circle or the adjacent hex right here next to that one. The important part being on the shore so you can have spoke access. Sure. Not in the woods, on the shore. But his can be in the woods with the T-Rexes for all I care. Sure. An establishment doesn't take that long, so I'm okay. How much money are we? So I have that pulled up. I'm going to get the rest of you guys to decide these sort of things. Okay. So, here's what the Rangers need to decide. The Rangers need to decide, A, if they want one. B. Can we have two? Yeah, you can. Each half-line. That's why I was going to put it in different hexes. Each, each. One of us puts it in the same hex. I'm saying can an individual have two. No, no. I don't think they can. Probably. Why not? Why would you want two? Well. It's a shit ton of money, but you can hear it. I would too. I mean, I don't think the benefits, if you build two of the same, they don't stack. I also agree. But. It would stack, but it would be another place to go whole lot more. Yes. I want to do it for storyline ideas of setting myself up as like a lord of Monothern. So I'm fine having our team stronghold and adding a lodge to it. I would also want to create my own establishment like right in Monothern. I would assume that. That's probably fine, but you're only going to get the benefits from one. Yeah. You can have two. I don't care about the end game benefits. Okay. Well then, sure, you can build as many as you want. You can build as many as you want, but you're only going to get one set of benefits. The things that Rangers need to decide is if they want their lodge to be a keep or a temple. Now, the difference is the keep helps you raise an army. Or an establishment. Or an establishment. There's more likely to be an establishment. Well, I can make me one of them armies. I want it all. Yeah, that's for. Your establishment can be a shit. Sure. But you can't do a keep. Yo. I don't know. Starla. So there's four categories of strongholds. Keep, tower, temple, establishment. Now there are sub things inside of each of those categories. Like, for example, keep could be like the, what is the example in here? The cleric's cathedral. Or the, an example of a temple category is the Druid's Grove. An example of an establishment is a tavern or a library. And those four big categories bestow different benefits. So, for example, the keep's benefit is good at raising an army. The temple's benefit is summoning extra planer allies and learning battle magic. The wizard's tower is good at inventing new spells. The establishment is good at making money and sabotaging people around the world. Sabotage. Or doing, like, learning about what other. Like gathering intel, making money, and sabotaging the establishment. How do these lodges and things roll into that? That's kind of the class flavor. So for a ranger, the typical establishment is a hunting lodge. When we land up, you make some noise in. I'm still teaching people how it works. That's a lot of flavor. You can't have two. But they don't stack. As long as you pay for both. I said they don't stack though, the abilities. Like, they grant you in-game abilities, right? So if you have two, you don't get twice the. You don't get twice the class thing, but you do get the establishment and the keep bonuses. Gotcha. So you can collect more than one. Like when I was playing in the Vigilante, I had a establishment and a keep where my bard played at and I was holding up the town. So for you people on the fence about whether or not you want one. Okay, I'll throw the ranger version of the temple one more. Okay, so a temple costs 8,000 gold for level one or 11,000 for level two. You can choose if you want to build level one or level two. Level one. All right. You want a level one temple, which is a hunter's lodge. Yeah. So yes, a ranger's lodge. They're not rangers. Rangers lodge of the type temple, meaning it bestows the temple benefits on you. You are in fact now wrapped up in a large cosmology. Makes total sense. Yeah. So that's what I'll throw an hour thing. What was the temple to? Demonte. Anyata. Okay. You guys will have a chance to describe what it looks like later. Don't worry about that. Or actually. And you can create it to look however way you if you don't I mean you can have like one big wood building or several stone buildings that you can make that up as you go. So we will talk about this from the top. Yeah. All this stuff happens tonight. So then yeah. Anyata. Okay. So level one hunters or rangers lodge that is a temple type. What do you want? Do you want to keep tower temple or establishment? Because those are all different costs and build times. Yeah. I want. Temple is extra planar allies and battle magic establishment is Intel money and subterfuge sabotage. Keep is raising an army. Keep is raising an army. Yeah. I'm sorry I was just checking in. So what are you making? Liz the no-sum-free. Wizard tower. Thank you very much. Yeah. What's the time on it? What's the time on the keep? Because we're getting close on time I do want to say where you're paid. 150 days which just fits in like you can only do a level one keep. Is to the circle of the Raven. Or the hall of the Raven. It's near Machu. It was in the. 10k for level one. Yeah. It's right around here. Keep is the most expensive. Right around the fork and the mountain. I wasn't originally thinking about a keep. I just thought of a keep. Where you guys got transported long ago and where you guys. Yeah. So you could fit a level one in our downtime which would be cost 10k gold and take basically the whole downtime to build. But you don't have to be present to build it. Right. You can shamblin' around and Cersei basically is along the lines of we are walking through the forest of the dead. I am uncertain what you will find when we get there but he's bought me a very strange brand and she kills one. Yeah. And shows you and it's that same branding that he saw. You get to roll for balance. Were you in the Necromancer's dispensary? No. Keep, keep, keep, keep. The keep. You can attract a unit. You can buy units. When you finish you pay up to you. There's types of units. Infantry, archers, cavalry. You train your units. It's very much like raising an army. That can fight with you. Are you sure we want to go there? Shit. Alone. No, we don't want to go there. This wizard's tower and you just put them to him. Then I will travel with you until we do so. Okay. So she agrees to come with you. Okay. And that's pretty much what I had planned for that. Did you have anything else you wanted to do during your off time? For Machu, no, that's enough. Rewinding, I'm going to drop off my money with the Khol Shahar. Sure. If there's anything that needs to go into that. But basically it's like, hey, hold on to this. I take like 500 gold from myself for walking around money. Sure. And that's what you figure out. So that's what you figure out. You could just take a portal to the Khol Shahar. And you're like, can I take one to Machu? And they're like, kind of. But only dead fish are coming out of it. No, Ben's not building a keep. And they're like the dead fish that are still alive. The way these strongholds work is you are the owner, but you can choose to bestow the benefits of it onto someone else for a period of time. But you don't get the benefits if you donate to someone else until it comes back to you. Right. I get that word. I was thinking about whether we want to keep that. Well, I'd probably do Conquist Avenue. A keep would be cool to have an army. But basically the general right now. We could do that another time. But as far as like Temple, I'm trying to get the... Next session, just let me know when you're free. Sure. I'm going to have to work pre-weight on Tuesday and Thursday. And I've got plans. We've got plans on Wednesday. I don't know if I'm going to be able to go, guys, to Tink's thing. In Temple, it's all about concordance, which is like favor with your deity. And so you modify favor with your deity to gain divine intervention. You know what I really want? I'm not a true... I'm a true global version of what it says in the chapter. There's debating an establishment versus a keep. It's going to be fun though. I know. Gathering info about the world. You can make a lot of money. Yeah. We'll talk. Okay. So did we decide on a split in rule? We're going to say 20 percent. From... I think we should do a rule like that, but from here on out. Yeah. Not retroactively. Retroactively. Because it's too hard to figure out retroactively. So we're saying we each have 20k from this. No, we each have 15k. We each have 15. And then whatever was the remainder, we deposited in a team fund or something. Yeah. Six ones in a group. So we have 25k. We have 25k. We gave Tesca 10k as like a party. 15k to everybody. We have 150k. We gave Tesca 10k. So then we got 140k. But we only gave everybody 15k so that we would have... Okay. Then the parties generally are going to be the same. Yeah. So we're going to have a split. We're going to have a split. We're going to have a split. We're going to have a split. We're going to have a split. We're going to have a split. We're going to have a split. We're going to have a split. We're going to have a split. We're going to have a split. We're going to have a split. We're going to have a split. So that we would have... Sometimes five is 35k. Okay. Then the parties general fund is 35k. Okay. Then the parties general fund is 35k. I'm going to put you in contact when you're in Konki Alley with the Disciples of Chord who are all about personal battles. Okay. They're basically like the Spartans. Do you know if you want to keep or a temple? Or an establishment? They are quintessentially like about a route to barbarianism. I know I wanted a two. There's the... Okay, well we can come back to you. We have other people who are like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, I mean, I don't think... I don't know if the rancher is really good or anything. I don't know if the rancher is really good or anything. I don't know if the rancher is really good or anything. I don't know if the rancher is really good or anything. I don't know if the rancher is really good or anything. I don't know if the rancher is really good or anything. I don't know if the rancher is really good or anything. I don't know if the rancher is really good or anything. I don't know if the rancher is really good or anything. I don't know if the rancher is really good or anything. I don't know if the rancher is really good or anything. I don't know if the rancher is really good or anything. I don't know if the rancher is really good or anything. Yeah, I don't want to, like, make the decision for you guys because it's your money you're going to have to spend on it, so... Yeah, I don't want to, like, make the decision for you guys because it's your money you're going to have to spend on it, so... Yeah, I don't want to, like, make the decision for you guys because it's your money you're going to have to spend on it, so... I mean, I don't think... I don't know if the rancher is really good or anything. I don't know if the rancher is really good or anything. I don't know if the rancher is really good or anything. I don't know if the rancher is really good or anything. I don't know if the rancher is really good or anything. I don't know if the rancher is really good or anything. It's good vulnerability. It's good vulnerability. Yeah, yeah, you can just... Yeah, yeah, you can just... Everything is going to be better for defending your home. Yeah. That's kind of the half of the point. The guy did say if you want to, like, rule over land, like, be a ruler in the land, you want to keep because then you raise an army and that, like, asserts your dominance over the land. But that might be the one you want to make on monitor rather than the one... Barbarian. Barbarian druid, I'm stoked. Now, raging... Yeah, I can't do spells, I know. Okay, cool. As long as you know that, you'll be fine. I know, but most of my spells, they're weird enough. Yeah. So, and then I'll just turn into a fucking... I can't say that word. I don't know. I did figure out a spell. Oh, like, once you call it, sir. Once you call it, put it on. So the PDF for this is Tyler put it on flag. I'm stoked. So, okay, so the things we have for sure is a tower, one lodge, temple... Druid grove. And a druid grove. There's a lot of stuff. And a druid grove. And a druid grove. And a druid grove. And a druid grove. And a druid grove. And a druid grove. And a druid grove. And a druid grove. Those are the for sure ones that are being built. And then you're going to take care of building your portable establishment that lands in the bay. Yeah. What is the timeline for building a theater? So I can tell you, the theater takes... What's the actual establishment? The theater takes 90 days to build. 90 days and costs $6,000 for level one. And if you manage to stay with your fiance for that amount of time, and you get a million bucks, you can get a million bucks. And then you can get a million bucks for the theater. And then you can get a million bucks for the theater. And then you can get a million bucks for the theater. And then you can get a million bucks for the theater. And then you can get a million bucks for the theater. So, wherever you can fit 90 days in your time, you don't have to be there when it's built. You can commission it and pay other people to build it. I don't know how much time is left in real world time of being in this in between time. Like, is there time for me to go catch a whale? Darla. You can try to buy a whale? Make capitalized one of our followers and then we have Darla at our disposal. I mean, you guys can definitely convince capitalized to join you wherever you guys decide to set up your location. You could probably convince her to add your establishment to Darla. Here's where we're at right now though. You currently have a ward following you around until you go to monitor. Are you just doing a level one growth? Or level two? I don't know. Okay. How much can I do via communication networks? Via communication networks to catch a... Level two is 11k in 160 days. I need you to roll me a percent top down. So it's either 8k or 11k. I know, I want to look at how that goes. That's 10 sided. There is a 30% chance that somebody somewhere has a baby sky whale. Oh shit, is it adorable? It is adorable. Oh my god. 30% chance. Is it a 30% chance? Does it look like that one that I drew on the map? Yeah, I love that. Oh my god, that's perfect. Now there's a 100% chance. Okay, so your choice, do you want a 70 or above or a 30 or below? Which one is zero? Zero would be 30 or below. Okay, I'll be 70 or above. 70 or above? Okay, so 70 or 80 or 90? 70 or 80 or 90. It is 10. Fail. You check in and there's 70 or you use it. Ah yeah, there's a sky whale down at a sky whale, a skip in the sky fell. I saw the variation of the keep as a pirate ship. Is there such a variation for a theater? Yes. You can build your theater establishment onto a ship. There's no rule against that. It's just a general treble and surface. Great, ideally I'd like it seaworthy. The physical design, what it looks like and how it works is up to the player. It's just the mechanic choice is one of those four categories, tower, keep, establishment or temple, and what level you want to build it at. But what it looks like physically and how it works is up to you. Where does it show the level you want to build it at? It's like one of the first few pages. I've posted the PDF as well in the Mardov channel, so tonight you don't find your answer. I think all Tyler really wants to get through tonight is what exactly needs to be in it and not necessarily what level it needs to be. I'm leaving that as an open question for Lillian. I know she wanted to build something. I don't think she wants to build a thing for her patron. Her big thing was that she feels awful about having her patron cause all of these issues, even though it's not really her patron, it's kind of her patron. She's taking a short break with her sister to go spend some time, because they didn't really get a chance to hang out. Now that she's older, because they still have an age gap, now they look similar in age, the two of them are off and she's helping her sister with finding something. She's been looking for it, but I'll let her explain later. So she definitely probably would give me cash, I just don't know how much. We'll talk about that later. Team Feywild, you guys are now currently in different Feywilds. Your deal is split. We're at 11. I didn't want to be in the Feywild alone. We're at 11, so basically, you've already kind of covered, for those of you who didn't hear, Brigitte. I'll just do level one. With Cersei. I don't understand how they do level one. What are the different levels? The different levels just give you better powers, you get more charges of your power. They level up. Bucket level two. Alright, level two. She went with Cersei towards an area known as the Hall of the Raven. As they got closer, they started to find more and more zombies with that six finger hand. Cersei asked if we should keep going alone, and I said, shit, now I need to go talk to my party. So they tabled that. Sally's somewhere in that necromancer's hold, and she's headed over to Conky's Abbey next. So you two will probably pop into each other in Conky's Abbey, depending on how long Randall spends in Monitore. So that's kind of where we're at. We're in Monitore and spread a bunch of stories about how awesome I am. You have been advised by the Transmitters' Guild, or the Transmitters' Covenant, not to build directly adjacent to the Manchester Circle, as you guys are. Skip one. The hex then. And when you get there, you find the Hobgoblin's Grindr, who you guys had previously spoken with. The Hobgoblin Red Hand tribe, and they gladly open up their lands to allow you guys to stay there, under the condition that their tribe is allowed passage through it, and safe logic there. Sure. Do we like these people? Yeah. Are we good with this team? There's also the Gnolls. There's a Gnoll tribe there as well. And those Gnolls are all about that they want to come stay, and they don't normally get a chance to hang out with other humanoids. So it's this weird dichotomy of them going, hehehehe, and like the bar, but it's like, they're okay. But they're a little weird, a little standoffish. So somebody somewhere is going to have to figure out what to do with all these Gnolls. The Gnolls and the Hobgoblins, that's their area. Where we're setting up our stronghold? Where you guys are setting up your stronghold. Since we're so close, we're probably going to need to do a mission to the Temple of the Last Crusader. That's a good idea. There is a time that is in, it is one of the days in the year. Sometime, yeah. Well, you can go with the Hobgoblins, who make a pill village up there to honor their dead every year. I just don't know when it is. It's going to be in the article for the... Yeah, no worries. All it's added to my TV list. Okay. Might be a great place to pick up barbarianism. That'll work. Especially if that's what you want to do. Now, I'm speaking to you two, because we've kind of gone off in the other direction. That's the seal right now. It's still with Yuri. Can I make one last note on the castle? Yes. Since each of us vaguely know what we want, well I know exactly what we want, but everyone else vaguely knows what they want. I'll just do a shared Google Doc where everyone can just describe what theirs looks like. Put the type and the level, and then we can just send the whole Google Doc to you. Dude, that would be glorious. Thank you. The level is limited by the time we have? The time we have, and the money it costs to level up. The thing is, if we successfully petition the Artificers Guild, it'll lower the time in the sense that the one I'm building costs 160 days to build, but we only have 147 days. So I'm leveraging the guild to buy me 13 days to fit my level 2 into 147 days. Amongst the Doe, on the night of the Equinox, the hobgoblins of the Black Hand's clan climbed the Valley of Anchors to rest among the hot springs and seek favors from their ancestors. Goddamnit. Okay, so I need to know for you guys, because I know you guys both had things you wanted to do, and I'm sorry for things taking this turn. I think the rest of it doesn't really require as much synchronization, so we can do it offline. I'm going to have to require another office hour. Do I have the seal? Who has the seal right now? Because I meant... We might have to do another office hour. I'm going to do another office hour. He tossed it to Yuri. I'll do something. I'll toss it in the night. Yuri gave it to him, and then we were arguing about it, but I don't know if the exchange happened before he blinked us away. So he asks, do you have the seal, and you check, and you do not. Oh boy. Did. Very briefly. Oh boy. Running with the Jailer. Indeed. I did warn you about him. He's so annoying. He was far more annoying the first time I met him. He has that wave. I managed to deal a little bit better with him this time. You get better at it, but I seem to have lost my dragons, and you seem to have lost your seal. Yes. So, what are we going to do about this? Oh, by the way, you do not have a gift for me. I do, actually. What is the gift? And I give him the... What is the gift? I really don't want to retire Varys yet. Thank you very much. To which you will donate your money. I mean, it'd be hilarious, but this isn't the fight that Varys would throw his life away on. I'm going to give him the Spell Scroll that has the emblem of the Six-Fingered Necklid. Oh, the non-detection one with the... yeah, okay. And say, I found this in Cloud City, actually, but I think that you might appreciate a link to... I believe he was once your student. Oh, Eddie, Eddie, Eddie. Spell Scroll that's from the Necromancer cult thing. Unfortunate for all he is. You know, it's strange. You have a chance to meet someone as great as Ned Zalok. And you go back and you meet this twinsong, this nerdy idiot. And all he does is fail and fail and fail and look at what he has here. Non-detection with his seal on the back and he has the gall to adopt Six-Fingered Necklid. Eh, amateurs. That ain't adequate to give. So, for you... Well, I was kind of hoping that the other one would be here. What happened to him? He did not get along as well with Yuri, as I did this time. Well, perhaps he got along better than you did. Tell me, anything else to go home? It's been a little while, but I have. Okay, then. I have something for you. Well, actually, it was more of a fitting, but here we go. He pulls out a bow. The shape of a fang. Uh, yes. He pulls it out and he says... Now, that was if you had the seal. And he snaps his fingers and it disappears on his wrist. Now, instead, instead, instead, I am going to give you a bit of advice. Who would that be? Your necromancer, which you gave me a Six-Fingered hand to. He is currently being manipulated. This does not surprise me. The person who is manipulated, and you are currently in his v- Well, pedal. Mordred. Vekna. As it takes many names. Yeah. If he succeeds in what he seeks to do, your good friend, Ned Zalak, will walk again. Mordred. That, that is pretty much what I've been assuming. Yes. Now, you've been chosen by a deal. And, uh, I understand that this is a great responsibility upon your shoulders, and I wish you the best of luck. Now, the thing about this whole doe-chosen thing... Um, she's not a lot of help. But I can. I can help you. I know you hate me. I love you to hate me. And I have a vested interest in meeting both you, Finn, and Brigitte, whatever she is. Again. And checking in on Nix and Zinn, and all of the good friends I've made along the way, you understand. And I'm stuck here in the courtroom, at the moment, but I will be back. Oh, so the jailer did manage to do a little bit more. And leave time out. And he kind of scratches his hand on his left hand, and it's a bit blackened. Um, as he scrapes off this kind of action skin that's there. Prices and prices and prices. Just when you get victory, what happens? You know, it's the worst. Um, I have a bow. A sixth-fingered bow to pick. Such an insane thing. Very well said. In a certain sum, you and your party can get you there, can get you near them. But there's this thing that's missing. A thing that I'm going to need if I'm going to never have this happen to me again. Is that the seal? No, of course not the seal. We have the seal. I'm just, you know, on late. No, ah, there is a... I hate this. I hate this! Phylactery. A phylactery I'm looking for. A phylactery that was stolen from a certain circle of the ravens. A phylactery that was stolen from a certain circle of the ravens. A phylactery that is currently locked within the soul bag of a certain dwarf in a certain location that happens to be the mountain. Seen it? I need it. I need this phylactery if I'm ever going to make sure that Mordred, Vecna, Ramsey's, whatever this thing is... ...can be maimed. Well, kept it may. It needs to be locked again behind another Xenith. However, I need it for just a brief moment. Just a small, brief moment in which I can rub it in his face. So, this phylactery. You bring it to me. You're not an ally. You are. You keep it from me. And I am forced to let the allegiances that I previously garnered lie where they are. You on one side, me on the other, the deros stuck between us. Hmm. Is it a... ...who had the soul bag? She has by more than one name. Her name is Daena. Yes. I haven't seen her for a while. Now, troublesome that she has a soul bag with a phylactery stuck in it. Troublesome indeed. Yes, indeed. I've been searching for this, and I thought one of you had it. For sure that no one has it. He has it all of the fun gadgets. But no! No. The dwarf is the one who has it. Sir, someone needs to speak to the dwarf. Convince her to give me the handbag with phylactery. Hmm. Otherwise, I'm stuck. You see, caught left-handed. Left-handed. He reveals his hand, and there burning is his left hand. It's blackened, it's ashened, and there is a small... ...pigage growing where it's six feet in. Oh, boy. That does not look good at all. Terrible. Makes me wish I had my pamphlet. But such thing cannot be wished undone. I sought knowledge. I got it. And this is the price I have to pay. Well... I will... ...keep this in mind... ...if and when I meet Dana again. As I said, it's been quite a while. Yep. I have a... ...I'm feeling our paths may cross again. Before. Of course. I wouldn't be myself if I didn't check in every once in a while on some of my favorite people. Now... ...do you need anything in good faith? I can get you somewhere here. I'll just be a dusk in wood if you need it. I don't know where to find it. There's places to go. You put this... Good luck. And in a puff of autumn leaves, he disappears. Where are you headed? Hmm... I think I would go back for Finn. You're going back to the Marduff Feywild? Yeah, because I don't... ...I'd feel bad if I left Finn stranded in Feywild. Well, let's find out what he's been up to. We have about fifteen to twenty minutes. I think this will probably be our last check-in of the night. Sure. Finn... ...you are currently left alone. You are at the edge of the... ...of the Briar Patch. Right smack dab in the War for the Glittering Run. The War for the Glittering Run rages behind you as fairy on fairy battle. Bloodshed. There are trolls. There are hags. There are various forms of blink dogs. You are currently smack dab in the middle of a full-on fight. The springy equinox is currently waning the power, and the battle is shifting. Where you can see the battle raging is as far away from the Briar Patch as you can get... ...as this wing little sprite appears in front of you. You! We have a battle to win! What are you doing just standing here? We? I'm no part of this. What? What for what? I was sent here by that stupid midget and his goon. I just want to get out of here. Whoa, dad, you're bad. Wait a minute. You don't serve the Queen of Thorns? Who? And she summons in a swarm of these little pixies. In the front of them is a particular pixie. One looks like this. Well? Alright, looks like a map. Edit. Edit. Edit. Edit world. Edit the world? Anyway, this one in front of you, she's wearing...are you wearing any red? Am I wearing any red? He is. Look. I know you have a blue Azure motif going on. I think, like...no, I'm not. No red? Okay. She goes... Where's my... I'm gonna take him... Yellow. To the Queen. To the Queen! To the Queen! To the Queen! As they...yes. They each grab a bit of your clothing and pick you up. I'm fighting the entire time. Like, let me go! I hate this place! Roll an athletics check. I'm gonna use...I don't know what it is. Athletics? I think I have...plus... Oh yeah! I pull up my character sheet. Look at them dark eyes. Why is this not coming off on my phone? Indeed. Hell yes. Why is this not coming off on my phone? Oh yes. Alright. Athletics. Do you have any of the other ones pulled up? Yeah. You go look at my character real fast. As...I got some...I got a nat 20 and an 18, a 16, and a 4. So I'm gonna go ahead and zoom in. Well, I rolled an 18 and I think my athletics is either plus 1 or plus 4. So I don't know. Alright, well out of the 4 that I rolled, 2 of which match it. Or beat you. So I'm gonna go ahead and assume you're going with them. As you get carried, like...and you're being moved on the wind, kind of like these fallen flower petals. These lotus petals that are floating in the air. And as you get to this area, you can see that there is a various...above this giant brambly bush beneath it. This is the spring court. And you're being brought to the spring court house. And as you get closer and closer, you come across a set of guards. These green dragonborn looking lizard folk. You're not entirely certain. They look almost like they have plants coming off of their hooves. They go, yeah, here it is. What? Who's this? We got an intruder! We're bringing her by. We're bringing her by the queen. You see that? And you point...that's a pseudo dragon. I'm not sure what's going on here, but that serves her and so do you, mister! You may pass. And then release the thing. As you get closer to the spring court, this is the waterfall-like area that you see before you. I do not have a picture of the Ebolondra. I do think I have a picture of the Ebolondra. I do not have a picture of the Ebolondra. The queen of thorns, or the Ebolondrin of the spring court, meets you. She has a high collar, like a Victorian-style collar. She herself is this gorgeous, verdant queen. She stands there in front of you. And she reaches out a hand that says, Who dares come before the queen of thorns? I wouldn't dare. They forced me. Ah! You didn't trogath. Who do you serve? Summer? Spring? Winter? Or is it autumn? Certainly not autumn. I like to think I'm somewhat of a self-made man. Everyone serves. You do not have an allegiance to me. Uh, well, I mean... What month is it? Why, it is currently the month of the serpent. If I serve anyone, it is the serpent. Ah, then you have come to the right place. I am Ebolondrin. She kind of drops this air about her, this holier-than-all, queen of hearts from Alice in Wonderland air. She kind of speaks freely. She says, The servant of the serpent. Why, I haven't had a visit from the servant of the serpent. The serpent's a little, you know... It's like more of like, champion. You know what happened to be the next knight of the twisting meadow? That's what I've been told. It's been a while. I want to know. What happened? You disappeared. You headed to the Citadel of the Sun and you lost contact. You lost the war. With me? No, with your predecessor. Clearly you possessed the spirit. How would I know what happened? That! And she points to Mayen. Oh. You have your guide, your bond. What's your point? My point is, you mean it is your help. Akoti is dead. Who? I sent him in command, Akoti. I sent him into the material realm to retrieve the ranger and the dragon. No, the dragon? The Asimov, the one who's escaped the tween soul. I sent him and I sent the whole party of Tabaxi into the material realm. I've been searching and searching and searching and searching. For me. Yes! The champion! Perhaps I was a little hasty. I am not quite sure what you're talking about. Must I spell it out? You're wearing the amulet. And you look down and you have the Poseidon seal. God damn it. Get this thing off me and throw it away. I don't want it. You keep it. And what if Heidelia flickers over and grabs it and makes sure that it does not leave? You will wield this seal. It will not fall into the hands of the autocult. I wish I had decreed it! And all of the lotus petals in this area turn to thorns and fall from the sky. One after the other. You have a natural dexterity of higher. You have a natural dexterity of higher. But you manage to dodge and grab it. You're getting two copies. As Heidelia which is down with one hand which is out in the hands of the seal of the side of the dragon. I do not want this. I do not like... You know what else. I just... The abomination! And her whole head just instead of the queen it just begins to just die out as you get that fallow almost like all the spring grass has died. Look, I'm sympathetic. Nobody likes that guy. He's a cheater! He's a liar! But really I think you've chosen the wrong person for this job. He is very persuasive. I do not want to hand this to him. Then don't! It's not that simple! It is simple. Promise me you won't hand it to him. It's easy! It's easy for you to say you're a fay! Promise me. Fine, I promise. I promise. Send me somewhere else. Fine. Where would you like to go? To the Raven Queen. You ask a time of the evening. But you have sworn me a promise. Do you still wish to go? No, you may not be able to return. Yes. Bin, Drytala, and Kyrie. There you go. Knight of the Twisting Meadow. Good luck. And a fate gatch. And with that, we'll pick back up. Crazy!