 I'm now recording. Testing, testing, one, two, three. Remembering what it was doing last time. Yeah, so we want to do Randall first? Sorry? Go for it. Let's do it. All right, so let's do a quick recap here. I think last we left off, you had headed up with Sprocket to go procure the transmuters to help speed up. And at that moment in time, you commissioned your theater or your plans to somehow commission your theater, but you wanted to do so with the Kual Shahar and not with the rest of the party at wherever the agreed upon location on Vartos is gonna be. So you split ways with Sprocket and you are charged to go back and pick up Evan from the Cabal of Horns, from Vera Seda Fell, who has asked you on your trip to take him to Monitern in her stay. Okay, yep. So she has basically put this together and asked you to do such a thing. And yeah, so it's up to you whether or not you wanna complete it, but you did agree to do so. Oh yeah, well then I have to. So you go by and you pick him up and Vera isn't there to greet you. Evan just sits in the cafe with his legs swinging beneath him and you can tell clearly the chair that he's sitting in is like straining under his weight, this metal chair. And he just springs up from it and it lets out a groan and he says, all right, are we going or? Yeah, you ready to go? Yeah, sounds great. Let me just, I don't have any things. So I'm ready to go. Yeah, where's that cloak I gave you? Oh, I do have a thing. And he goes and he runs over and jumps behind the bar, grabs something and throws it on and ties it off. He looks like this kind of misshapen green cloaked Pikmin, cloaked Pikmin, you know, just a. Perfect. Yeah. All right, got my stuff, there you go. All right, where's Vera at? Oh, she left as soon as you said you would take me. Something about can't be here with me in the same place anymore, it's not safe. So. All right, fair enough. Let's get a move on. Okay, and the two of you head past the Birthright Tree and back towards the Scimitar Dreams, where Grobin and I forget the name of his wife, the captain of the Scimitar Dreams, Uma, meets and greet you at the docks. Oh, there he is, there he is. We love the story of the two doctors and we finally figured out which one's the same. It's the one who's always wrong. And the reason is, why is a doctor a sailor? He's not, he's a sailor. So clearly he's the wrong doctor. When I run into the two doctors, I'm gonna ask. They're real people, they're real people everyone. And they all kind of cry around. And so as you go down, Grobin is more than happy and before he activates the matron sigil, he leans in and says, hey, just so you know, I asked about that Gish you were looking for. And Oswald was defensive. If you're looking for anything from him, I leave with the good news, just a small hint. With the good news. Yeah, you know, he seemed to really be down about the Gish, he just completely clammed up, shut down the communication, sent me 25 words of no. And that was about it. Sorry. No, I appreciate the help. Hey, and if you see the doctors, tell them to come by. They're doctors, they've got to come by the Magister circles. So the kids, they're dying to meet him even if it's just a random person, just anybody. Got it. As long as they show up and say I'm the right doctor, they'll be excited. Excellent. And he places his hand on the matron sigil and this. Is this post? Sorry, yeah. Okay, cool. He places his hand on the matron sigil and the wall of water lights up, depicting this being cut by the, this is the image, wall of water and the single ship through it, cutting it, bisecting it, lights up and then the circle and you take a step and you turn behind you and look at Edwin who looks at you with a look of fear in his eyes. Okay. It's fine, we do this all the time. You sure? Yeah. Thanks Mr. Sailor. You're welcome and jump through. All right, when you land on the other side, you are back at the sand seas and the way that the sand seas work is there are all these sand dunes with the symbol behind you of the scimitar dreams particularly and as soon as you appear this area which looks to be the old Windows 95 background of the sand dune, you take a step forward and your feet begin to slide a bit as this one's on a bit of a sloped incline itself and it looks to have a set of magically placed stairs that are just planks of wood that are locked in place in the air and as you take a slide down and you hit the edge of the plank, a small version of Oswald Magna Cog the cracking of the sand seas appears and says, welcome to the sand seas, I am Oswald Magna Cog and you are cracking. Is there any way you wish, anywhere you wish to go? Evan sliding down hits the side of one of those planks and just takes it with him and begins sand surfing his way down. It's far too heavy to be honest. Ah, it's so warm and he just keeps sliding down. Your patience please. Yeah, what was the name of the place we were going to? It was the, it was not. I'm gonna look that up, it's right here. Do you want food? No, no. Do you want food? Absolutely. Okay, what do you want? What are you ordering? I don't know, Connor's decided. Oh no, what are my options? I don't know. Also, does anyone want a beer? No, thank you. I had one so far already. Yes, you don't mind. Also, did your WiFi password change? I think my WiFi has gone south. Tits up. Tits up. So I'm not certain what's going on with the WiFi but I will trouble you dad after this. Okay, no problem. What are my options? Liz. I don't know. Are you gonna do your version? I was going to do your, yeah. Do you need some help remembering? That says Monotherm, right? Yeah, Monotherm is if you wanted to go drop off, Evan, you also have Business and Conquist Abbey to go to the Library of IU. And you also have Business to Talk with Oswald Maglacock, one about the GISH, the other about the bars college. Man, that's gonna be rough. So Oswald, see what I'm talking to you now. And it sounds like it's a real bummer for him. So. It is. It is. Hey Oswald. So I heard you might have some info on the GISH, is that right? The very clear, almost spitting image of Oswald begins to phase. Like it's a hologram. And pre-programmed response. Not found. Got it. This incident will be reported back to Oswald Maglacock. Where is Oswald right now? Destination Oswald Maglacock. And to grab claws, reach up and grab both of your dancing shoes and clamp on. Evan, who is currently fighting to get back up this sand dune every time he takes a step in, it collapses underneath him. It goes whoa, whoa. And the crab grabs him too and off you guys go. It's almost as if you are skating on sand that seems to move underneath you. And you can very clearly tell that the lamp will, give me an arcana check real quick. All right. Take a Vox Machina care. Out of the house. Ooh, look at that. Doesn't sound good. Is he on the noodles? For sure. 18. 18? Yeah, you can very clearly tell that this landscape that's being mapped onto does not match the underlying land that it's really on. Okay. This area seems to be underneath the effects of some great form of illusion. Got it. And as you. Is my illusionist in front? Is my illusionist around? He's not around. Oh, okay. Not yet. That's not until we build the strongholds, right? Yes. Got it. So anyway, so you're kind of disoriented and Evan is very clearly getting motion sick. He goes, boom! As the two of you get basically magic carpeted your way over to this, through this bazaar. And you recognize the bazaar as immediately as that same bazaar in which you saw Brownbeard Rummy buying and selling drab way back in the day. So you pass that entirely. And the crab claws seem to climb up this great camel. There's the San Cis market. Gotcha. And. Boats. What? Let me get the sand sand. On the back of this great camel, there's another ship which inexplicably these claws climb up and directly place you on top of this center hump here. And when you land there, you hear the sound of cursing. No, no, ah, that's not right at all. No, you're supposed to, there's three ledgers for that area. Why is, where is the Vagma Har shipments? I'm going to, oh, hello. How can I help you? Write me the name, the name, the name. Randall? Yep, that's it. Randall? Randall? Randall, that's it. Oh, Randall. Oh, of course. I have an incident reported to me in my program, The Dutians. Right. About your questions. Yeah, questions about the Gesh. Hmm. Yeah, this is an avenue of inquiry that I must discourage you from looking at. Why is that? There are many things in this world that are of this world and they are not. Oh, that doesn't sound like a solid reason. There's a lot of cool things not from this world, right? Only death and despair really are outside of this world. That seems like an imbalance to me. Best to stay balanced in one's own world. Okay, interesting. But supposedly if I wanted to chase down a Gesh, despite your warning, while taking a tart, where would I go? You can't, they don't exist. They don't, nah, hold on a second. Okay. 13. 13. Very clearly he's defensive. Yeah, anyway, keep going. Oh, okay, yeah. I get what you're saying. Have you had run-in personally with a Gesh? Is that why you're so afraid? Let's just put it this way. I had a run-in with a Gesh, you had a run-in with a Gesh. When I met the two of them, both of them seemed like fine fellows, very strange and green, missing their noses, but we can't judge them for that sort of thing. However, when the Gesh met the Gesh, apparently there was something, bad blood between the two of them. And well, there was fighting, and I'm not sure if one of them or both of them were murdered, but other than that, they don't exist. And you're fine. Well, a cracker has nine lives, they say. So, I mean, being an expert in planar travel, if I were to want to go to the Ethereal Realm, I'd have some business there. Go through the Magister Circle, you just came from there, didn't you? Okay, well here's the thing. I'm trying to get in between, if that makes sense. The place where the Gish go. If you have a safer way to go than they do, I would definitely be interested, but I do need to get there, and it sounds like they have a way. Roll persuasion for me. No advantage, just persuasion. 19. I have, not here, not here, to the center. And this time, two, you can see that they're single crab. Whereas you previously thought it was more than one crab sets of claws, a single crab and six of its crab-like claws underneath you grab on and begin floating. This would be, if you'd like to roll our economy, you can figure out what spell it is, if it doesn't matter. As you guys are floated along across. It's a modified version of Tencer's floating disc. Sounds cool. It's one of the, it's a pretty nice utility spell, but it's definitely not in the transmuter. He's a conjuration wizard, so this is not in their real house yet. And so this, the disc begins to rise steadily off in the distance. And as you look back and you can see the night market nearly dwindle, there is a single solitary crystalline spire. The crystalline seems to be made of some kind of quartz, and you enter through the top of the spire. When you land inside this spire, here it goes. All right. I need you to answer me a few questions. Step one, who are you? Really, who are you? Not Randall, but why do you show up here at the senses carrying him and asking of them? And asking of them? This guy? Unrelated, a favor for a friend. And your friend disclosed to you that you're carrying around an ancient white dragon. White dragon? Evan? It is good to see you again. Thanks, Mr. Van Cog. It's good to meet you again. What have we said about using our network, Evan? Listen, it wasn't up to me. We've gotta go, and I don't know, Vera said it would be okay. You guys know each other? All right. Now, you're asking about the Gith. Yeah, I'm a little thrown back by this white dragon thing, but I'll come back to that later, yeah. The Gith, you mentioned the Gith and Gish. What's the difference there? Well, there's the Gith Zerai and Gith Yomkai, not that I know anything of these sort of things, but if you were to go downstairs in this tower, you might come across something that would be of interest to you. And I will not mention such a thing as they're not listening at all. But what do you hope to gain from this? So, I have interest in traveling between the petals of creation. I'm sure you're familiar. You wish to sail the Astral Sea. That's right. And this petal of creation nonsense, I'm not interested in. I get it, just stories. Sailing. I'm a bard, that's what I deal in. I do, I take everything you say with a grain of salt. If you had a different color cloak, perhaps I would. But, ever old it is. Yeah. It would be too each different, fancy. I have stories to tell. I have stories to tell. However, you ask after something that not many know of and not many seek. Gotcha. There's much to gain in not telling you this information. Much to gain in not telling you, like what? That would be the question, wouldn't it? No, that's a separate question. What do you hope to gain from this? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. What do you hope to gain? I am interested in, look, okay, maybe the petals are nonsense. But if they aren't, I'd like to see for myself. So you want to what, go to the edge of the petal? I want to study creation myself. Interesting. Well, I don't know about creation itself, but I can reveal a bit more about myself as the floor of the tower itself begins to descend, almost as if you were in an elevator with that same level of smoothness. And yet, as you look to the side, there doesn't seem to be any kind of pulley system at all. You've been in a near elevator, but this is something else. It's more akin to that tensors floating disc you were on earlier. Would you get, lowered down, there are all of these nearly anachronistic devices. You guys were with, do you, did you end up doing the Leonidas' challenges with us and you met the GIFF, G-I-F-F, the hippopotamuses that sound like Teddy Roosevelt and carry guns? No, I don't remember that at all. No, I'm just kidding. GIFF. They work with the hippopotamuses? I don't know about them. Yeah, so they look like, that's a GIFF. Oh, sweet. There are, there are glasses, there's like a, there's a few of them that are kind of like, like in stuffed versions of them with their full clothing and their guns. There are, you recognize, you know what the Vendel can look like, but for the rest of the party, these blue, Yeah. You see some of the guild masters guide to wrap the symbols all around inside this tower and as you descend, you come across, this. Oh wow. A great shell. So cool. Ship. That on the side of it has all of these glowing green, almost alien covenant from Halo looking symbols around them that all seem to glow along the back of the shell itself, that seems to spiral inward. And as you look at it, your eyes seem to readjust and then spell out the name Nautilus written across the top. Oh yeah. And it doesn't look to end there. It looks to have something nearly arcane in nature. And Oswald turns to you and goes, this is one of the reasons why our little Sanseas is not found. This is Nautilus. Yeah. Tell me more. Is this, is this for interplanar travel? Well, its cloaking function is the reason why no one may fund us on a map. Oh, okay. Great. But this cloaking function, I think serves another purpose. Got it. To hide from the bogeyman. The gizari. Got it. Now, this belongs to a githyunkai. Don't ask me the difference. I don't know. I just know that they do not like each other. When I came across the ship while wandering the desert, I made friends with the githyunkai. Introduced myself as a young wizard and I learned quite a bit from them. Yeah. Particularly about transportation. It is through their gifts that I have been able to achieve what I have and become the third Kraken. Wow. That's, so you wouldn't be a Kraken without meeting these guys. It was kind of a big deal. They are a gateway to many powers, yes. Okay. Now you must understand. You know of this place, you seek the gift, but you must not seek the gizari. Got it. Okay. They're bad? If you find what you're looking for and find out it is a gizari, you will not tell them of this place. Got it. Okay. Are gizari usually upfront about being gizari? They wouldn't pull the wool over my eyes, would they? If you ask them what they are, they will not lie to you. They have that much pride amongst them. Now, whether or not they are willingly going to give up this information is another story, but I need your word, Randall the Barbarian. Yeah. I will not knowingly give this information to a gizari. Evan, our usual arrangement. You got it, Mr. Magna-Carp. Go on. Oh, you know, he just makes me swear on things every once in a while. Every time I use the portal, I gotta make sure he's online. I don't tell anybody I did. In fact, I, you're not supposed to know what you know. So I'm gonna need your word that you're not gonna tell anybody. We'll leave that out of the story. How about that? That sounds great. Okay. Yeah. I'll just be up at the top of the spire. You guys can talk about your- Yeah, sure. Evan, you don't fly, do you? I don't know if that's an insensitive question. Yeah, of course I fly. Okay. You just see, now that he's kind of the jig is up, the magical polymorph around him, the true polymorph around him, he just sprouts wings like you've seen Irethia do before, the kind of draconic ancestry, and these gigantic white draconic wings just carry him up to the top of the tower. So cool. Good. So cool. All right, Evan, I'll meet you up there. I'm sure you're gonna beat me to the punch. Yeah, I'll just find some place cool. All right, good luck. All right. In return for this information, is there some way I can offset the risk or the cost to you? You seek the gift. Oh yeah. You find one. It's not a gift, is that right? Yeah. I need them to work the ship. Okay. You mean you need them to run it or you need them to repair it? Yes. Okay, got it. There is trouble that I've heard going on with the, well, they call it the son of the citadel now, but back in the day, it was the citadel of the sun, the sunken. In order to get there, I'm going to need a submarine ship. I believe this vessel is worthy of traveling beneath the waves. It looks pretty airtight. Now, if we can manage to find a gift and take this Nautilus beneath the waves, I believe we may find ourselves in an ancient water genasi city. Well, that sounds fun. And magically empowering. Okay. Now, you naturally have to become a quarter-hour captain. Oh, perfect. Now, whatever you do, your heart sigil here will ensure your secrecy. My sigil? Yes. Go on. Matter and sigil? Oh, right. Matter and pact. Right. With me. Yes. You... Good, good. My all the rest is taken care of. Now, what would be your sigil? Oh, I get to choose? Well, although it can't be the Nautilus, of course. I can give it away. Gotcha. But you need one in order to fulfill the pact. Right. Are you sticking with any particular thing? I don't want to stand out too much. I don't want to be the captain. I don't want to stand out too much. Well, the secrets of the Matter and Song are what originally united us. Matter and being the great turtle. Right. I'm sure turtle is taken. Yes, turtle is taken. Absolutely. Okay. So, I'm going to throw a couple at you and we'll see what sticks. I've got Pegasus. It's not a water creature. Might be a little weird. I've also got Panflute. Might be closer to home. Not sure? Panflute. Yeah. Why a Panflute? I like my Panflute. Oh, just happened to play one. Yeah. Oh, okay. Just making sure. Now, Panflute goes way back to our roots. Well, that sounds perfect. Ah, it happens to be one of the things lost when we lost the Matter and Song. So you're looking for that Panflute? Yes. Oh, cool. I will hit you up for leads on that. Oh, I would do the same for you. I've got a lot on my to-do list. Okay. Well, a Panflute sounds perfect. We're going to need some flair. Panflute and something else. Hmm. This one's tough. How about... A book seems out of place, doesn't it? A book? No. I mean, we have a library here, but... A book? Panflute. Ah, you could do a musical shape music behind it. How about how you transcribe music? Perfect. That behind your Panflute. Yeah. What would be the name of your vessel? Uh... It's not going to be this. Not going to be this. This is mine. I cling it. Yeah. That's a good vessel there. Looking for one? Yeah. What are some that you've got? Oh yeah, those are some good names. I've got the Dawnward Sunset. I've got the Verdant Horizon. I've got the Grounded Swallow. Let's do the Irmold Vale. Ooh, the Irmold Vale. Yeah. I like that. Sounds like it's going to be a paint job now. Yeah. And I'll puck it. Now, naturally, your sigil must be made with a pat, which you will do so here and now. But... Great. Are you capable of casting the teleportation circle spell? Hmm, I don't think so. And not only that, Pact Keeper. All right. Do you have one in mind? A Pact Keeper? Not off the top of my head, no. All right. Evan! Pull the letter! You got it, Mr. Mimicong! He pulls the letter and... Oh, we're going to need to wait. Oh, how long? Three minutes. Gotcha. What do wizards smoke? Smoke? Yeah, like what do you do when you're sitting down and you're trying to kill enlightened? Looking out a window, looking at a book, trying to, you know, focus your mind. Well, let's burn sage, of course. Oh, okay. Let's burn some sage. Or we're taking our time. Of course. Evan! Pull the letter! You got it, Mr. Mimicong! And he pulls the letter. And out from... So you're basically, you're at the center of a great spire. And down at the bottom, there's the nautilus, which is kind of curled up in there. So you're floating above it. And when he pulls the letter over here, there's like a latch that undoes and a trap door opens. And there's kind of like a liquor cabinet, but it's just all of this incense. Just various forms of incense. And he floats the tenser's floating disc over to it and plucks on this one. He places it down in a, like a vase that basically comes up from the bottom of this tenser's floating disc. It looks to be made of the same concourse material and he places it in the vase. Would you do the honors? Absolutely. And then I will, what does it do with, with my set base expo. Can I make like a little fire? I think you can turn, turn off, or let's check it. What's going on? I just paid you for dinner, but that's how much you owe me, Zach. So if you pay me double that. Okay. I love it. Got it. Thanks. Sorry. You can simultaneously light, yeah, you can light a small campfire. Ugh. You snap your fingers and it lights. And by the time you light it and this whole ordeal isn't over, you hear the Peter Panter. Well, first there's a, there's a screeching halt and then down about midway up on this tower from the inside, there's the, just front door. Come in, boy. And in pops this kid. Hey. Hi, you, you asked to see me Mr. Magna Cog? Baron. You all have been studying well and well, your transmutation and conjuration needs work but your illusions are top notch. Well, thanks Mr. Magna Cog. I've been really disturbing, really steady. Now it's time for you to go to bed. Good night. Good night. Good night. Good night. Do you, do you, oh. I hate to do this. I need you to close your eyes, Baron. What? Close them. He walks over, okay. He places his hand on Baron and begins to utter a spell. Do you counter spell? Do you let it happen? What happens is he begins, when he pulls backwards, there's like a film reel tape that he begins to pull his hand away. And you can see a series of memories being implanted of this giant green ship and an ocean on a dock and him being there and officiating a meeting between you and Oswald. As he pulls the hand away, you can still see a flash of that image over his eyes. As he takes a step through, he goes, wow, Mr. Magna Cog, this is one hell of a ship. Yes, yes, it has been built specifically for this purpose, Baron. It is your turn to become impact keeper. Do you agree to officiate? Oh yeah, I do. Okay, good. Congrats, Baron. Thanks. I've really been working on things and I just, it's nice to meet you. Yeah, good to meet you. I'm Baron, Baron Ready. No, Baron Rather. Looks like you're already dressed for the occasion. That's an excellent cloak you got there. Oh, this, I've really been, I wanted to be a bard. Right. But I didn't have the musical aptitude. It happens. I could probably show you some things along the way. That would be great. You've got a strong imagination, right? Oh, do I? And he produces this image. And what he produces in front of you is an image of a bunch of toy soldiers. He produces this image in front of him. Whoa. He says, now this one is the story of the nutcracker. It is about this soldier in this army who was forced to, well, against his will to crack nuts instead of go to war. And so he made his way all the way up cracking nuts in order to get his way into the king's royal guard. And then he realized when he got there and he stood there in the line of other soldiers that he liked cracking nuts. And he absolutely hated being a guard because he was just like the rest of them. Anyway, this is the image that came to mind. You know what, soldiers cracking nuts instead of fighting wars, that's my kind of soldier. I think we're gonna get along. These outfits are like nothing I've ever seen before. That's very imaginative. I designed them myself. That's amazing. I try to fill in the blanks, you know, if there's a story or, anyway, sorry, I didn't mean to derail the conversation. Showing off is what we do on the Emerald Dale. Emerald Dale. He produces an image of a great green landscape with vines hanging down and a ship in the background. Like that? That kind of Emerald Dale? Just like that. Oh, perfect. Mr. Magna Claw, can that be our signal? We already have a signal. Oh, can I? Yes. Fine. I just have to paint them when I get the chance. Oh, perfect. I think we're gonna get along great, Mr. Randall. So, what were the exact wording of your pact? All right. So, what happens is there's a series of an incantation as Oswald begins to form and speak a tale. This tale is of the original Qualshahr. And this itself, in itself, is the first Qualshahr vessel, the one that sank at the bottom of the ocean. And it is of the skeleton of the great turtle with a city on its back. And he basically details the outline of the Qualshahr's founding and the Qualshahr being, this being the city, as part of Uma that split off when Uma fell. And basically, they search for the match of the song. I have the exact details of the pact, but he modifies it. And instead, at a certain point, he begins to trail off and Beren continues the story and continues illustrating it off in the sidelines. Now, now that we have a moment of time, I need you to swear to me that you will never reveal the existence of the Nautilus and that you will never reveal the existence of the Qualshahr to a Geth Zerai. And should you ever find a Geth Yonkai, that you will immediately bring them to me. Those are reasonable requests, I agree. Excellent. Barring undue influence. What undue influence would there be? Well, there's been occasions where we run into, you know, a powerful being of some sort, and they force our hand, and I can't make promises that I can't keep. But under my own will, I agree to this pact. Good, well, we don't have to talk about this whole under your own will thing. But is there anything you need from me in this pact? Now would be the time to add this to the terms of agreements. Absolutely, so I mean, you're throwing in a ship, which is very kind of you. It, let's see, I was looking for somebody in particular from the Qualshahr, right, to be aboard the ship. Oh. Also, as an aside, this ball was smocked into the cafe to find out you're a captive. Oh, it's gonna be hilarious. I can't lie. Also, as another side, how many times was Magnum cock, of those things, been called Magnum cock? Yes. Magnum cock? Yeah. Every time I hear it, I'm like, what? Yes. Did you guys talk about the condoms? Yeah. Oh my God. You don't hear that every time you say Magnacock? Magnacock? Magnacock, yeah. Oh, I don't. Magnacock, god damn it. It's a World of Warcraft last name. Okay. I think the leader of the Gnost. That's even better. It's something over Spark and something over Magnacock. Oh, Winnipeg. Oh! Qualshahr ship. Winnipeg? Like this Winnipeg? Yes. It's the daughter of Yusuf and Mir. The daughter of Yusuf and Mir. The daughter of Yusuf and Mir. Currently under martial law. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, the Qualshahr ship is there. Got it, got it. Yeah, there is a Qualshahr ship there, but they, as you heard him on the ship, on the back of the sand sifter, he has lost contact. Got it. Will there be portal access on this ship? Absolutely, that comes standard with the ship. Now, the ship must serve a purpose. Absolutely. A purpose cannot be known by everyone. Okay, is this a purpose directed by the Kraken, or is this independent will? Everyone in the Qualshahr serves a purpose. They run people from place to place, or goods from place to place, or they serve as an ambassador to a place, or location. The specialty, ideally, will be information. Is that so? Information vessel. Information comes in many different forms. Which kind of information are you interested in peddling? Uh, um. How would I say it? Um, uh. Secrets, lost information. Rumors. Rumors, but we would like to verify. There's only one way to get someone to tell you their secrets, and that is to make them drunk and happy. That's stupid. Absolutely. I'm going to need you to operate a cover. I'm going to send a number of different agents to you. Agents who have goals, aspirations, things that I would like looked into. Absolutely. Can you do this? Yeah, will I know who the agents are? They will identify themselves to you. Perfect. One of these is Giorgio and Rinaldi. Rangel. Giorgio and Rangel, they are a husband and wife duo. The two of them have specialized in searching for exactly the same thing that you are, but I've lost track of them in Conquist Alley. Got it. Okay. Okay. So, as I head over to, it's the Conquist Avenue and Monophthene, right? Conquist Avenue and Monophthene, there are two different cities. Oh, there's two different cities, great. Okay. Well, it's definitely on my list to head up, so I will be able to pick them up for sure. If you find your way there, and just come across them, tell them that they need to report back. The sparrow is looking for them. Got it. Okay. And just up at the top of the spire, Evan calls down, Hey, Mr. Magcock, I don't know if you know this or not, but something's going on at the market. What? Yeah, how many of those programmed illusions do you have? I don't know, about 300. Okay, well, I think about 300 are headed this way. And that's where we're gonna cut off. All right. That was awesome. Good. Hell yeah. It's on. All right.