 I don't even know what kind of food they have at Chuck E. Cheese. Last time I tried to go in there they told me I couldn't come. Really terrible pizza. They have the best birthday cake. Because it's not like, it's like whipped cream cheese icing or something. Fuck. How did you know that? Because I went to Chuck E. Cheese. Recently? No, not recently. For the birthday before last. Converted to Chuck E. Cheese from the show that is, they added, because you know, it's got cheese, the icing, the whole thing. With the cake has cheese? Yeah. Cream cheese. Cream cheese icing is pretty common. That's not working on that one either. What is going on? Isn't there like a thing where I can, with my iPhone, share it with you? Yeah, it hasn't popped up on my iPad yet. I figured it might, but... Maybe I'm not on the right now. 2.4 GHz. No. Okay. Unless I'm spelling one of these two words wrong. K-I-N-G-W-O-O-D. You've tried lowercase K? Let's try lowercase. I think lowercase might do it. So the other group finally did something that like directly affects us? Yeah. It's been a while since they've done anything pretty big like this. But in there, it's like, in retrospect, I should really know better than to like send in to go meet people who are important. Because they have propensity for certain things. But we'll get there. Okay, so last we left off, basically, you guys decided on a name. We met some cool new people around. Specifically, Brigitte was approached by a refugee from the Avalon forest. Someone who was looking for a place to stash the children of the forest. A place for people from her backstory. Not entirely important for this crowd. Randall arrived upon the Donwards sunset. His new crew were ex-custodial. Emerald Vale? That's what it was, not Donwards sunset. We're going to put that down. I think I have it, right? Let me check that out real quick. Another name is cool. Donwards sunset? I think that's the person I stole the crew members from. Or like the ship name from. Let me just make sure I've got that down. Far Toss. We can go to the distillery. Emerald Vale, perfect. Thank you. I just didn't have that down. Alright, so on the Emerald Vale, you had a couple of crew members. Specifically, two of them. One of which is your new illustrator. He's your second command. And also Lorelai, who has agreed to come aboard as a teacher. She's on thin ice. It's fun bossing her around. Finn, we met inside of your new temple to the zodiacs. And specifically, Falak slash Anyata. Varus went through a little bit of counseling. We're going to go over some of his newly rescued fellows from Vodrum. Kasim seems to be doing much better going out in the sun. Do you guys want to just order from Z. Tejas again? I'm not very creative. Sorry to interrupt. That's cool. You did that last time? I remember I got cornbread and burger. I remember you were surprised. So that we could get the $15 off. So that we could get the $15 off. They might still have that. But all the other options right now are either pizza or Indian. And Tyler doesn't like Indian. And pizza we're going to eat tomorrow. Yeah, Z. Tejas this one. You guys already have a lot of different menu items. I'll get that hankery burger. Z. Tejas. We also found out that Nick's installer have abandoned us. Left? Yeah. They've not. Well, abandoned us is a word. Stellward has retired. And Nick said something about going off with her sister. Slash. She feels sorry about what happened with Keywood. And that's kind of ghosted. But they did leave their stuff behind. Which is nice. So everybody got a nice cool new shiny thing. Sprocket got some sweet new boots as well. Hell yeah. And there was a helm of telepathy. Or dominate. It helps me block. Helm of mind shielding. Mind shielding. There's an inhabitant so I'm not going to use it. Don't talk to him. The previous spore keeper of the green tide was St. Ashbury. I spend all my time in real life talking to an old man I don't want to do in the game. Cutting Tiberius from tonight. Did you reacquire that blowing sword? Blowing sword? That's not me. You did? You have it. And it also used to belong to Lorelai. So that was it. Fun. Comes back. So I have to pass it back to her. We had a duel about the fate of what you guys would do with Renaldine. Renaldine has been a point of contention amongst the party on whether or not he's good, bad, ugly. And ultimately it wrapped up with you guys deciding to kind of hear him out and try to screw him over at the nearest opportunity to try to steal the seals back. And you invented a portable distillery. That is a thing that happened. Why portable? I didn't get to choose why I invented it. Sprocket got really hammered and started mixing shit in his lab. And Tyler was like, you made a shitload of molten glass and wake up in the morning with a portable distillery. Of course. What else would I make? The thing that is mine is alcohol. So you can set up a food truck sort of deal. A food cart you might say. We're going to a festival and they do have boots available. I guess we can still on the ship. You guys arrived via a gigantic tree in the center of the grove. Oddly enough, Vares was able to open a portal similarly to Brigitte. In Brigitte's grove with Brigitte's tree using his own blood, he was able to open a portal almost the same way that you guys got to Cloud City in the first place. You arrived in the library where the old woman agreed that she had not seen you. And kind of helped you on your way. And we ended off with the party heading over to the Traveler's Pony. Randall, however, was on the decks of his ship as he had left the previous day. So we had like a night thing that happened and you left so that you would arrive the next day. So we are in the twilight of day one and Randall arrives in day two. On board the ship there are kind of a rustle and bustle of people sorting and cataloging goods. It is at this moment in time that you guys, if you wanted to, say, sell something, you would be able to decide what kind of goods you were going to be selling and how much of it you got. You have a hold that will hold up to 500 pounds of goods. Is there a stock market? The ship will hold 500 pounds of goods? The ship's hold will hold 500 pounds of goods, yes. Like shares of a medieval company stock. Like you can sell shares of the distillery? Well, we'll invent it and then we'll be fucking rich. This is the best time to sell shares before we've even made the company. That's what all companies do. Do you have a logo yet though? Oh shit. That's Randall's job. He needs to make a jingle and a logo. Do you have an illustrator? Yeah, I've got a guy for that. You do have an illustrator? I've got a guy for that. That's so good. Can we just abandon the main story? I'll negotiate his fee for you. Sure. Become rubber barons of Mardal? That's Baron. He is on the decks of the ship, just kind of calling out orders. It's up to you on what you'd like to do with your downtime. The last day or so, if you've got any prep or anything you want to do, prep. Now would be the time to do it. But you know that you're not necessarily going into a battlefield here, so it's up to you. Randall was present for that team fight we had last session, right? Yeah, he was. Yeah, he played it. Tyler played your character, and Liz and Connor got in a fight in real life and in game. I actually, I think I suggested the duel. But Tyler kept on voicing Randall's like, are we going to do anything to influence this battle? And Scott and I were like, no, we're not. Scott had a really good idea to do it though. If there's a Smith and Tome, I want to get this sword reforged for sure. I don't know if that works. I don't know if that's how Magic Addams work. Which one reforged? The Moon Touch Rapier. I would love to get that into a Starfleet or something like that. Something a little more... A little less evil. A little less pointy. Sortie. Sure, sure, sure. You probably need to do that when you... after embarking. Yeah, after you got to where you needed to be. But, alright, then I will go ahead and chime in with... Can Tyler summon this order though? The Hickory Burger. Do you want me to just type it in for you? Can I get the Hickory Burger? Can I get it without any... what does it come with? I don't think it comes with anything unless you tell it to come with something. That's good. Or if you don't want. To burgers. Hickory. I thought Tyler picks up the stylus even though he can definitely just use his finger. No jalapenos. So we don't have actually any stock to sell yet, but my first order of business when we wake up this morning in Tavern is to create relations with our Tavern Man. With the Tavern Keep, yeah. I might have something to sell. That's our travel company or whatever it is. That's actually where y'all are headed now. So, we navigate the busy city center deftly and make our way towards the only inn that you guys really know of in this area. The only real large establishment. Outside there's a slightly slanted wooden building and they find a line of people slowly making their way under a hastily erected tent that just kind of protrudes out into the street. And on it there's a large regalia of a white horse's profile. The Traveler's Pony common room. Well, it's lantern lit. It's a lantern lit study in dualism. So on the elven half there are paper screens that kind of depict flora and fauna and they're backlit by a twisting network of live plant work instead of crown molding. On the human side is fire. It's prominently on display. There's a stone hearth and a smack dab in the center and it's flanked by two twig bars. The bars as in one for liquid entertainment and one for else. The madam, the madame of this establishment, Alice, has an unremarkably dark hair. She's approaching the twilight of her prime and the expert manner in which she still carries herself. She probably would have passed her prime a long time ago if she hadn't been planning for that very inevitability her whole life. In front of Alice is a long line of potential customers with both for both halves of the inn. Judging from the clientele, they're more interested in procuring a room than one of the dozen or so women who come with it. There's a number of children who are weaving in and out of the line and they're deftly dodging the uncomfortably shifting adults as they wait. There's a woman who's in the front of the line. She's older, but not quite Alice's age. It's really impossible to tell the difference between them, save for the woman's face, which is smooth and doesn't bear the same lines as the madame. She makes up for it, however, with the skin of one of her, of one who spent decades in a field toiling. Her hands, she holds a box of lettuce which kind of shakes it at Alice while speaking in a stern stubbornness of one who feels they're speaking to someone beneath their station. You guys don't really hear what's being said as you all walk up. However, Alice sees you guys as you push past the tent flaps and she calmly raises a hand which glows in a pink light. Her eyes flash as the light is extinguished and sweet words can be heard throughout the queue. Please excuse the interruption. I understand that many of you have traveled from as far as Dawn Pass. I know that you are tired. I know that you require extraneous circumstances to secure your submission into the Harvest Contest. I promise that we will find you a room in due time. Please, for the sake of your fellow patrons, I ask you to wait a little while longer. Mina, please entertain our guests. We have business that needs attending. And with that, Alice excuses herself and motions for the party to follow her through the red and green velvet curtains. That lead to the main entrance of the tower. Oh boy, is it content. Oh boy, oh boy. It's like a county fair type thing. With the Harvest Festival. As you push past pig or something like that? Pig. I think it's pig indeed. Okay, do I have something to sell when I go to the shop? Anyone else have something to sell? I had a feeling you would be back. Rooms are, of course, on the house. I have some friends downstairs who owe Randall a favor. And I'm in short supply of entertainment. Is he not with you? He'll be joining us later today. It's approaching, I would say, you guys got in at around noon time. So it's about 1. Max. He should be arriving this evening. Yes. I will make sure that they head to the docks. I assume he's arriving by boat. Or is he going to ride in? Yes, his boat should be docked. In terms of this tavern, it'll probably come by Pegasus. But in terms of the city, boat. Ah, the tale of the Pegasus Knight. It has been a common one. Over and over and over again. We really do need more music. I don't think he has a new song to play. No he doesn't. What was it? The Tale of the Doctors? A new story. A story? I guess it was not a song. There was a love song. Sprocket. Well. I'm trying to piss off Sprocket just a little bit. Something about two gnomes deeply in love. I don't always understand what's going on between two people, but I understand what's in their hearts. I just let that blow. Well, I look forward to hearing it. And I'm sure if I miss it when he plays it, I'll hear it a hundred more times in the next week. It is quite catchy. I hate it. The Pegasus Knight one. Aurora is somewhere around here. She's blown her way through at some point. I'm sure she'll be back. What brings you to the Traveler's Pony? Business? Pleasure? Some of this, some of that. We're here to catch the Harvest Festival. Ah, yes. And the last one was remarkable. I'm surprised you missed it. What happened in the last one? The Skyfall. The Spring Festival. Yes. Shame, really. Yes. We are sorry we missed it. Queen of Thorns didn't award a victor that year, or that festival. The Queen of Thorns? The Evolondrian of the Summer Court, though she wishes we not speak her name. Yes. Awarded a victor? What is this? I'm not familiar with the costume. Oh, well, as you can see behind you, there are many who come from far and wide seeking to bring a smile to the Queen of Thorns' face. She has a history of being a rather short-tempered individual, and those who are able to bring a smile to... Those who are aware. Well, you weren't? I was born. Oh. Anyway, those who are able to bring a smile to her face win the contest, a bag of fae soil with a seed within it. Though, if you plant the seed in the soil in an attempt to enter that in next year's contest, fair warning, she does not necessarily allow such a thing. No cheating. What kind of seed is it? Well, it's a sapling, really. Not necessarily as required now as it used to be, but back when the Everstorm blew forever, it would provide a small, anchorage sanctuary from the storm itself, very fertile land. A number of the fringe farms outside of Windhaven have... Well, we're founded on this. A number of noble families who've made their mark on history by winning continuously. And what festivities can we expect for the Fall Festival? Well, all sorts of. Now, the Fall Equinox is not quite as exciting as the Spring Equinox, but the Fall Festival does still normally have the Queen of Thorns arrive, though she's historically more temperamental now than she would be the other half of the year. You can expect games, you can expect jousts, you can expect various, well, goods being sold. Everyone saves the best, of course, for the Queen, but a number of foods and vegetables and songs and merriment can be found. But what's the biggest event? Oh, the festival happens right at sundown on the Equinox. During the Equinox, right at sundown, there is a... What do they call it? Firekeeper? What was that? I don't want to get this wrong. There is a festival in which the stonework is lit. There will be fireworks, and from it a procession of fey folk will enter our town from beneath the Windmill Windlow. And they will ask that all of us line up and provide our gift. And if your gift is good enough, then you are given the gift itself, the Queen's tears, and audience in the Feywild. Interest piqued. What constitutes a good gift for this ceremony? Well, historically, there has been a number of families speaking of which she says the word firefly as the firekeeper. The firefly will light the stone, the promised stone. Now, what were you saying? What constitutes a good gift for this ceremony? Well, anything, really. I've heard of flowers, I've heard of rice, I've heard of various forms of fish. Definitely, well, there's the... The Novacara family has interesting wooden sculptures of various animals. Really, anything of artistic and emotional significance. This seems you're in audience with the Queen. Yes. Were you going to talk to her about anything? Well, if you wish to tell her a story, yes, you can tell her anything. What an interesting custom. It is a party, after all, so keep things light. But, uh... Well? Sounds very pleasant. Well, everyone's wearing their finest. You're going to need a bath. You look like you've just walked out of a tree. There's some branches in your hair and... Oh, come on, you're already in short hair. Then it doesn't. There's some branches in your hair and those boots are filthy. I prestidigify my boots. If you could just do that for all of your friends beforehand, it should be fun. I'm not wasting magic on these bitches. They clean themselves. Well, all right. I wanted to ask about my Gnomish friend. A room would be great. Is it weird to have to shower your friends? To what? Magically sponge back your friends? Would you like a room in the human or elven side? Or perhaps... When Randall gets here, I'm sure that Umbartown would be certain to invite any. I'll take a human room, I guess. I'm not sure the difference between a human and an elf room. Probably cheaper. And warmer. And warmer. I'll take the human one. The human one it is. I assume an elf. Who is this? How much? Wait, it's free? For you, of course. How much for Heberling? Can you give me a room with one of those baby cradles for him? Yeah, can I have a high chair? I think the elven side of things may be more... Well, we do have a large contingent of gnomes here in Windhaven. They just don't frequent my shop. They go to Shroomtop if you wish. And to be around your own kind, though, if not, you are welcome to travel. I look at these, too. Who wants a roommate? Who wants a roommate? Stay with me and we'll discuss financials. I'll look thin. And Brigitte, can I have a lips and nose? I'll take an elf room. Oh, of course. Not in our room! Okay. What do you guys want to do? You guys have rooms? Whenever you would like a room, just make sure to... Let's call room service. Just ask the bar. A whole lot of spotters. Oh, shit. Business! Business. Okay, real business, though. Who ordered what so I can divide this up? Who got what did you get? Chicken fried... Hell, I can't remember now. Is it chicken fried ribeye or chicken fried chicken? I got the chicken. Did you guys get any sides? I got the sides. I'm supposed to have the sides. Who got the second cornbread? I did. So you're the black beans, the cornbread, and the vegetables? And the mash. And the mash, alright, cool. So build your own. There you go. Maybe possibly vegan. Okay, you guys have a better part of a couple of hours. Now I, you know... I'd like to have a conversation with Scrocket in our room. I'd like to go to the bartender. I'd go to the bar on the Elven side. Elven side it is. And I don't necessarily want to RP this because I'm not any more charismatic than... Well, you have to do business. Only vaguely. I just want... We should come to our room. We're having a business meeting. A business meeting in the human room. This is Alice, by the way. I was looking for a portrait of my character. I found this guy. He looked pretty cool. Yes! So I think that's the one. Oh, that's really cool. Hell yeah. Can you post that on Slack or put it on the World Anvil? Yeah. Oh, World Anvil. I almost forgot about that one. Elven side it is? Alright. Alright. We need proper timing for this. Alright. This is the Elven woman who pushed past and is now entertaining the guests in line. She has a dance that she's been doing in line itself that gives off a pink light that seems to form almost like a fairy fire. I've never seen a cast in the past, however it seems that the fairy fire explodes into tiny little fireworks and all of the people are kind of dazzled by the situation. Nice. Because I was picturing Dazzler before you said that. Yeah, it's a sultry one. Alright, so what have we got? So you guys are pushing... Are you going to the bar? You go to the bar. If they try to catch me on your way in, they grab you. Business meeting. We're going to do a quick business meeting. Room human. Yeah, what do you want to remember? Are y'all bringing Brigitte or not bringing Brigitte? She has to grow her stock. She's coming. Yeah, we'll bring Brigitte. Brigitte! Business meeting! Okay, okay, I just didn't know if you were going to bring me or not. You didn't ask me. And then you guys enter your room. Alright. Bury that metaphorical hatchet right now! Get out a real hatchet and chop us some grapes! Now, now sprocket. Yes, sir. How quickly can you distill some samples for our potential clientele here? I don't know! I get out my... I light a little flame under it with my hand. Pour some water in it. I need some barley! No, no. We don't have that, but... Oh, you mean in general. In general. We need to start planning. We only have a few days here. So, Boris, what drink do elves like the most? Wine! Wine? That is going to get real bad. Alright. Bars, hit the market. Grab some grapes. I will go find some barley. We'll get a nice sample of wine for the Elvish bar. We'll get a nice sample of beer for the human bar. We go there tomorrow morning. And we are stuck. Idea! Brigitte! I'll get Brigitte. Make good berries. I made good berry wine. Literally never been done! Now, hold up. We should... I can do both. I can grow literally anything. Just give me a seed in a day. Or less than a day. Okay, maybe that, but you can do good berries now! Yeah, how many do you want? Ten? Twenty? Twenty! Twenty! And I pocket five! This is a good idea. Worth experimentation. But we can't give this as a sample because we don't know the effects that... We'll drink it! We'll drink it. We need to make sure that the effects of the good berry that cause you to not be hungry when turned into wine cause you to not be thirsty. How are we going to sell more wine? Extra hungry. Extra hungry. Huh? How are we going to sell more wine if you take a sip and you don't want to drink anymore? Exactly. That's why we've got to test this on ourselves before we give samples. Experiment. On whose cells? Our cells. If we take a sip and we no longer wish to drink, we know the good berry's bad plan. Alright. Which one of us is going to be the best brewer? Cause it's probably not me. It's your distiller here! You're the tinker! Yeah, I think this is on you bud. Now, I'll taste all the beer. This is another way of saying what kind of check is this going to be cause I might not be the most suited for it. What kind of check is a distiller's check? Give me like one more level. Medicine maybe? Yeah. Hold on, I might be medicine. I think you're a doctor, right? I'm losing proficiency out of medicine for me. Medicine plus five is what I got. Randall's probably better than plus five. No, I'm plus three. Yeah, I'm plus three. Meds? He's not proficient in that one. Not wise. Alright. I thought it would be like nature or something. Well, which is also a plus five for me. Alright, I'm the distiller! Okay, now we'll play it close to the shirt now. Close to the vest. We'll play it close to the vest until we have our samples. Close to the cloak. Close to the cloak. Until we have our samples. My understanding of the wine type beverages is that they need to age. How are we going to do that in one day? I was assuming you could do that with some magic. I don't have age magic! Doctor? Oh. Boris. Can you create... We know an ager! It's the Sphinx Man! We can age that shit like ten years in an instant. Sphinx Man, you're in good terms with them. Can you just post the wrong answer to a riddle on the... Just kill it! Age me thirty years! Stick it in your hand! Just put it on the side of the mug. Holy shit, instantly aged good berry wine! This is incredible! Alright, we can give it a try. We haven't been by there. I should not go, but you should go by there! I'm not on good terms. I feel like I'm on pretty even terms with them. I don't want to go through more trials for this wine. Just write the wrong answer to a question on a note, stick it on the unaged wine, and put it in. What bottle? What could happen? Either it goes sour or it turns out great! Alright, if I have the chance I'll swing by. Alright! I snap my fingers and I light up under the distillery. I'll need a sample. It'll have to be tomorrow. Someone grind these berries! I pulled up fifteen good berries. You're gonna say berries? It's a note! Wait, you have Boots of Speed, you should do it. You're not wrong! I put out the flame roll quick! I need a bucket! I think the bucket is used for washing your hands. Wait, we have one of those? In our room we have baths in our room, truly we have buckets to wash our hands in. I just need one little... Here, it goes over and snaps the chair, a smaller writing desk, one of the legs off of it, and casts Druidcraft. From this it begins and creates a small bucket. A sprocket sized bucket. Wait, hang on. It's kind of like a mortar and pestle type thing. I wanna hear your boots! Fine, fine, fine! I wanna hear what a super fast no boots sounds like. She casts Mending on the chair. She's like, surprisingly equipped to do this. Alright, so I've poured the fifteen good berries we have, and he's fifteen. The fifteen good berries that I was definitely given. I want him to have to do a sleight of hand trick to pocket the good berries. I wouldn't try to hide it, I just pocketed five. You know those go away in a day, right? Wait, wait. Okay, well the wine goes away in a day. Now I have to put the extra five in, twenty in the pot. Wait, will the wine go away? We got to figure out now. I cast Sending, I think at the moment, don't you? Okay. That's a thousand feet. Varys, lift me up! I hold up my arms, I click my heels while I'm lifted up in the air, and I start just running in place. Okay, okay. I want a strength check from Varys. I weigh forty pounds! And a dexterity check from you. To run in place? Alright, fine. Athletics or strength? Oh, you don't have strength? Athletics. Nineteen. Mat twenty. Okay. This is like a beater, like a hand held beater. Exactly, like Simba, just lowering down, and he starts running before his feet even hit, like dogs above a pool of water. Now mash, mash! It takes the better part of less than six seconds. You have to absolutely demolish this thing. It is, there are just small bits of good berries splattering the sides of this barrel. But you guys managed to smush fifteen good berries. Twenty, I put the extra five in. After hearing that they were going to go away in a day, I'm like, fine! Oh, okay, just poured them in. Alright, you've smashed it, what are you going to do? Just tell them and see what happens. Hang on, we don't have all that we need. We need to go get supplies. We also need to, we need some ingredients, but we also should get like one of the elves, like one of the elves or either the bartender to come assist us because we don't know how to distill wine. Bartender's not coming. Well, one of the elves will know. One of the elves will probably know how to distill wine. Is Rael know how to distill wine? Go, go! Does your character know how to distill wine? He knows things. Like I said, we don't want to give away. We gotta go figure it out covertly. So let's go to the library, let's learn how to distill. Oh, split up. You go get the rest of the, no, because you don't know the rest of the ingredients until we go to the library and learn how to distill. Alright, let's go to the library! These should end up giving us the last, at most, until 8.15. Alright, we're going to the library. You guys go to the library, I'm going to go to the bar, and just get a sense of what's going on in town. Alright, final. How to find out anything. I know where to go to ask somebody. He knows a guy. Figure out what type of wines they have on town. Yes. I will do a little bit of market research, a little bit of general research, I'll do it all. I don't know if yeast exists in this world, but I know spores do. We'll have to figure it out. You have Brigitte making mushrooms for you from Green Heights, St. Ashbury. That's right. That's right. That's the girl that does Nick Grove. Back at the ship of the Emerald Vale, Lorelai approaches her captain. She's got one of the, like a mop in hand, and she's kind of already been, just kind of finished swabbing the deck, and walks up to Randall, well, walks up and knocks on the door. Yep, come on in. Okay. Hey, Captain, I just couldn't help it over here when we were in town, we were going to go to the Harvest Festival. Yeah, that's right. Okay, we're planning on winning? Which competition? The competition, the Harvest Festival competition, the Harvest competition, you know. I mean, I don't intend on losing. Okay, okay. Find out what the competition is. How badly do you want to win? Should I pull in some strings? That's nobility in winning. Right. So when we go ashore, I'm going to be a noble weekend in winning. Are you suggesting we cheat, or just have the best possible odds? We have a conglomerate of fringe farms that we've sponsored throughout the years, who owe us all a favor. Well, there's nothing wrong with favors. Good. So, you just, you want me to go take care of that when I get into town? Yeah, that'd be great. Okay, perfect. I was thinking, you could probably do some sort of acrobatics or something with the pegasus? Right. I mean, if that's preferable to stories and or songs, then yes. Yeah, so I've got this kind of insider information. Right. She's tried everything there is to try as far as food goes. Grown in Windhaven. And the last few years, it's been off and on. Alice and the Traveler's Pony has won every year for the last, I don't know, four or five years. Right. It's part of the reason why I set out to be a bar in the first place. Really? Yeah, I went to the college entirely so that we could corner the market. Okay. But I just wanted you to know that if you were going to win, you're going to end up needing to be her, well, ringer. What's her ringer? There's a, well, she's a dancer. Oh. She's part of the... What bar college did I pick here? Don't tell me she has boots of dancing. No, no, nothing like that, nothing silly. No, she's, well, one of... She's been kind of really playing up the whole summer thing. You know, the fair queen really misses her sister. And the last couple of dances have all been about Giuliani of the summer court and her fall. And of course, Leonidas falls for that shit. So, recently we've been kind of putting all of our eggs into that basket. Got it. I've got the entire gala providing a bouquet. One massive bouquet that I was going to jump out of in order to perform a story of the flower fields, which is of course the spring court's courthouse name. Though, that would make us rattles in this manner. Right. It's up to you on what you want to do. We can just sweeten the deal. It's the orchid clothes, I apologize. So she's won by talking about summer. Talking about summer. Because she misses. And you're wanting to do something about spring? Well, I figured spring might as well be the thing to do. Right. Ah. Though, the whole thorn motif would be bored me, so I figured flowers would still be appropriate in the spring court. And you think that's something she would find interesting? Definitely. Okay. And these flower fields are famous? Well, there is one state. There are a number of corpse flowers that we've been collecting bodies for quite some time. They only grow on the graves of a particular cursed family. Okay. So I figured we might as well go by there and get into town. Unless you had other things you'd be glad to take care of. No, that sounds great. I love winning. Okay. That sounds like a perfect idea. Well then. So we need to collect these flowers? Is that what you're saying? Well, if I were going to go with my idea, of course. Now, we could bet on it. What do you mean? Well, of course you're a bard, and I'm a bard, and this is of course a bard's duo. Right. And you are captain of the ship, and I tire of the illustrator, illusionist, telling me what to do. And if I have to sweep one more poop deck, I win going to jump overboard. Right, we can get another poop deck sweeper for sure. I was hoping to, if I won, switch up the hierarchy on the ship. Absolutely. I think second in command. Better befit someone of mine, station. I mean... Yeah, of course you'd be first in command. Right, of course. But only, I'd only become second in command if I were to win. Right. So, Anne, is there anything that you wish to win? Um... To make it a true tour. Drop out of the Harvest Festival. Whoever this is. Where am I? Is she not entering the Harvest Festival? Oh, she's entering. Tell her to drop out if you want. Um, so... What's the prize for winning, by the way? Oh, an audience at a certain... Well, there's a tea party on the day before, and the day of the Harvest Festival, within the farewell of the party to end all parties. I assure you, it is quite the effect to go to. Where you, as the resident mortal, will be the guest of honor if you've won. Great. Okay. Well, how about this? Um... Regardless of whoever wins, the other will be the plus one. Deal. Deal. Of course. I need to go to this party. Oh, well. All right, then. That's it. That's it? That's it. So if I win, I become the second commander of the ship, and you're my plus one, and if you win, I'm still your plus one? That's right. Thank you. I'm going to, um... Go practice, if I may be excused. Great. Awesome. She pulls out her pamphlet and walks to the front of the deck. Two world famous bards in one boat, I feel like would be... You guys should sell tickets, so you can make so much money. Any sold tickets to this concert? Yeah. They are different. They're different even cloaks of bards, dude. It's perfect. Um, the... Okay, so, Beck. Well, go ahead. I don't have to go... Beck in town. Who was heading where? Library. Library for you guys, but you're on the back... We're just going down to the bar. Going down to the bar. All right. In the bar. And I'll be on the Elven side. On the Elven side, you come across a number of people. First of all, there looks to be more elves here than you would expect outside... Pretty much everywhere else that you've been so far in the world has not had a contingent of elves other than the Evolving Forest, where you're from. And even amongst the rebels, there were not this many elves. There's about six or seven elves that are kind of gathered in this... This area. There's the barkeep, of course, but I'm showing you a picture of a different person. This is... This elf wearing a cloak of birch... Bark. Nice cloak. Is standing out in the center, ordering a drink at the bar. You're not fooling me, but nice cloak. Not yet. Not until he turns around. So he is... That's one of them. The other are... Man, I wish I would have put these all in the same folder, but that's how it goes. Pony. Elf half. Alright. There is... This elf who has her bow kind of strapped on her back, similarly to how you normally travel, and she sits in the back corner of her feet up on the table itself, and she's drinking heavily. There's a couple of other elves around her, but they seem to be kind of in their cuffs, and she is the only one who notices you when you walk in the door. This guy is sitting near the door and looking out the window towards the dancer, kind of eyeing not the dancer herself, but the other people who are looking at the dancer. And then there is... Brooke behind the bar as you go up. She says, um, welcome. Esteemed guest, what will it be? I'm Varys. Varys, nice to meet you, I'm Brooke. Thank you. Wine, please. Oh, of course. And the news. Wine and the news. Well, Evander's blessing is going to cost you three gold. Is that the name of the wine? Ah, yes. I'm not there, I'm just asking the meta. And she... Make a note. Uncorks a strange green wine. The wine bottle itself is clear, and yet the inside contents are this kind of watermelon green. She pops off the top, slides it across the bar. She gives you a whole wine bottle for three gold. I would hope so. A dry bottle? Wine bottle for three gold. Ah, okay. Three gold is like... It's not a lot. It's good stuff. Yeah. Ten gold will last you a week if you stay in like... You wouldn't even have to stay in that shitty of a place. I didn't like just throw my gold around like it's nothing. I did ten gold for someone to like deliver on the letter. And that letter got delivered, let me tell you. But Brooke kind of says, well, the sky fell about six months ago. I heard, and I noticed. Well, the influx of clientele has been strange. These Genasi don't necessarily frequent here, but they're all over the farms on the outskirts of town. They seem to find the farms that don't necessarily have a sapling yet, and they've taken up towards helping in the fields. It's been very strange indeed. Other than that, Leonidas is kept to his tower, though he's gotten increasingly secluded. There's been not necessarily a ton of justice being done. Well, other than poor Kite, not many people have taken up the sword here of late, which has been problematic as there have been raids from orc caravans outside. We've gotten some refugees from Tower Bridge, and she looks over at the elf in the corner, who have been causing issues since their town fell. And we've even had the occasional half-work make their way through here. Is there anything you're interested in in particular? That was all helpful. In particular, though, I was especially curious about travelers from anywhere truly distant or surprising. Well, I can tell you where we have gotten travelers from that we usually do. Our leadership of Ale from the Vagmahar has stopped almost entirely. They are hoarding it like, well, dwarves in gold. They, and even the last few we've spoken with, haven't even admitted to going back. It seems that the dwarven capital is shut, oh, but shut down. When the sky fell and the, well, farms jumped back to life, I guess, got a new revitalization, the likes of which we don't normally see until the harvest festival, we no longer are receiving shipments from Machu either, and our guests from Argos have split up and headed to the Nine Winds. Though I'm sure Lord Fathersher is somewhere around here. I've heard worrying things about Machu, so... Well, the fish is dreadful. I can tell you that. Good to know. They move still, even though they're dead, but they taste like they're dead. You know, I'm very glad that whatever was plaguing the land around here has at least been somewhat cleansed. Good. Good to hear. Other than that, no, not necessarily. We've gotten an influx from all over the place. You know, the usual clerics from Conquist Abbey, a few people from Monothern. In fact, well, we have a new waitress who's refused to take up the second half of our duties, the nightly duties, but we allowed her to stay. Her mother is some big wig in Monothern for some reason. There's a new downstairs manager. Other than that. I'll make sure to pass that along to a friend of mine who will want to know about downstairs. Okay. I'm assuming I'm probably not going to get a whole lot more out of... I've given you everything I know. I mean, the big news, of course, is that last year, last festival's champion was not crowned. For some reason or another, the fae queen was distracted and in a terrible mood, despite it being her own equinox. I've heard... Hmm. Actually, I do want to know, is there a festival... I'm not from around here. Sure, of course. Is there a festival of similar import at Solstice? I don't know which one's the... Is this by Winter Solstice? Yeah. No. It's rather sleepy during winter around here and during summer, well, all of us like to forget it for some reason. One of you guys got chicken, fried chicken. One of you guys got steak. I want steak. I want steak. Thanks. Oh, did you want any wine or beer or I guess Gatorade as well? You guys can open some wine at some point. I'll have some for sure. Hell yeah, that's all I need for... I'll open wine. It's very wine themed so far. You have a cornbread, right? Oh yeah. And you have black beans. Are you partial to letter white? Match. Is that a match? I hope that's a match. They didn't have that match? Wait, what'd you say? Are you partial to red or white? Oh, I like red. Red? All right, red it is. So there's no... There's no similar summer festival around the summer Solstice. Not here, no. Not since the founding of Windhaven has this area been graced with summer. Leonidas kind of keeps to himself and doesn't wish to be disturbed in the summer Solstice if that's the only event you're really looking for. No, I didn't even put it on the receipt. I was just curious about... Huh, this is bizarre. Uh... Wait, what about this? It might be there. He shuts down the whole Windmill Willow. At the Solstice? Yes. Something about wanting to be alone. Interesting. Hmm. That's condensation, right? Yeah. I mean, it's clean, but I'll just wash it down again. If not, you can use a different glass. If you'd like to use a different glass. All good. All right. Pretty disease resistant. Hell yeah, that's good. Okay. Super vegan powers. We got to you. Wines at the table. All right. You have my undivided attention. I apologize. No, you're fine. I'm getting the truth too. From there, I don't have anything else in particular. I think... And because I'm just kind of in general just wanting to know kind of what's... What might happen essentially at the festival. Yeah. Um... I mean... Basically going... Like, Boris wants to stay... In the bar and is willing to spend money... Okay. And make chit chat... Okay. As well as his eight charisma will let him. Okay. With whoever is here and is willing to accept free drinks. That's a lot of people. Not to the full on like shouting around and stuff. I mean, I'm not saying that's a bad thing. Not to the full on like shouting around on the house, but just... I just pictured you carrying around a drink and being like, do you want to drink this? You know... That's a negative one charisma modifier. Let's be honest. That's probably about how it would get done. But yeah, just kind of in general willing to spend some money and spend, you know, and I'm not saying that's a bad thing. I'm just saying that's a good thing. I'm just saying that's a good thing. I'm just saying that's a good thing. I'll do. So... What a phrase. I have about... Yo, dude, I've got like maybe 20 NPCs. So why don't we go with roll a D20 for me for each hour that you're planning on sticking around. And we'll go to the... We'll cut to the library real quick. Get that out of the way while you're doing that. All right. You guys make your way past the front counter and you're greeted by the same old woman with the same plants or anything of that sort that have the opposite effect of good berries where they... Take away one HP? No, they like make you like hungry. Hmm. Hmm. Well, I, Tyler, don't know of anything of that nature, but perhaps you do. Let's roll. I don't know what they're called. Bad berries? Oh, no. Oh, that's not great. What'd you get for your nature? That's 10. Okay. All that comes to mind is that if you eat lettuce and then the next day you eat something else, then you feel like you can eat more. That's all you can think of. That's all I can think of. Unhelpful. All right. I start perusing the stats for specifically like how to be a ventmenter. Beginner's guide to how to be a ventmenter. Wine making for dummies. There are... I helped them. ...dozens and dozens of different competing theories on specifically distilling, but mostly on wine making in this area. All right. And they all bear a strange crest on them. Oh, yeah? Oh, what is this strange... Roll religion. Oh, shit. That's one of my good stats. 20. What's that? There are a number of small folk in the area. Shrimp top in particular. Shrimp top? That's the area or the folk? Shrimp top and the shrimp folk. They... Well, they all belong to something called Avandra's Gift, which is a goddess of cultivation. Avandra's blessing, being the type of wine that you don't know exists at the moment, other than the fact that each one of the crests themselves has Avandra on their front. Gotcha. So all the books have this crest on it. And in fact, it's this kind of blooming... I don't know if you can see it, but it's this blooming flower on the front. In the back, you can see that's Avandra's Gift. Avandra's Gift, this temple sits in the center or on the fringes of Windhaven. Avandra herself... Oh, no. Yeah. And so what you're seeing are the various different clergy of Avandra's Gift, their competing methods on the best ways to grow wine in particular. I have to ask, scanning this stack of books, are there any books on winemaking that don't bear the crest, or do they all, 100% of them, bear Avandra's crest? No, there are a few that do not. Are there any ones that don't look notable? That don't look notable? No, any ones that don't bear Avandra's crest catch my eye. Oh, I was just rolling for the religion check to see if you saw Avandra. You can give me an investigation check. Oh, yeah, that's my other good stat. Yeah. Ooh, that's high. That's 26. 26? Yeah, okay. So you look at and kind of... First, you go to the first book and pull it, and you do the thing that wizards do best, which is speed read. You flip through it and you look at it, and you go to the next one that had bears the same crest, you look at it and it says, no, that's funny, it's Avandra. And you flip through that one and it's almost identical. They just seem to be swabbling over the... Minutia. Minutia. So you do the next logical thing. Hey, welcome. You do the next logical thing, which is... How did you make it? Yeah, me too. You do the next logical thing, which is go to one that does not bear that crest. Yep. And the one you pull is worn. Hell, yeah. Very worn. And leather bound. What's the author? Make up a name. Roll the name table. Sure. Remember how I taught, well, maybe you taught me, someone taught someone that if you roll forward on the name table, you can straight up name a guy penis. Yeah, you can. Oh my. That's not the name. Where did he go? Oh, I just added him. We're in the library. Okay. Again. Yeah, and you went with them? Okay. And we're checking out books on how to make wine. Has there been any? And we're making wine? You see, do you want to know what the question I was going to ask is? What? Has there been any shenanigans yet? Many shenanigans. No, no. No shenanigans yet. No, the reason we're here is to sell wine. We're merely plotting. Okay, I'm so glad because sometimes the first hour of D&D is like really hectic, and then sometimes we just stick around. It's, uh, Frelj. Very hectic. What is that? Threlj? But I deflected them. It's true. Frelj? Frelj. F-R-E-L-B. Poxtron. P-O-U-X-G-R-O-U-N. Frelj Poxtron. It's a very worn book. Um, sure. Actually, hold on. Do we have any way of contacting MD Wells? Can we set that up? I don't have any. Oh, you're there? She's there. Perfect timing. Pull out MD Wells! Dr. MD Wells at your service. All right. I ask MD Wells about Fred. See if he knows him. Okay. You flip open this book and the well-worn diary brings to life Dr. MD Wells at your service. How can I help you? Do you know... What was his name again? Fred? Frelj. Frelj? Poxtron. Poxtron? Yes. Frelj Poxtron? Yes. Do you know? Hmm. Fairy tales. He's in a fairy tale? Ah, of course. Fairy tales. Tell me about the fairy tale he's in. Have you heard the story of the centaur who ran for three days and three nights to carry a sheed to the sheed bank? No. It's not that good a title. Give me the executive summary. Well, legend goes that Frelj was a...well, not necessarily a cleric, more of an acolyte of Evandra who delivered a seed across an ocean. Now, I don't know how much you know about centaurs, but that half-horse, difficult to cross an ocean as a horse, and yet he said that he ran upon the water itself. Holy shit. When he arrived, he was of course tired. Centaur on the Nazareth. Can I have some wine? Oh, yeah. I'll have mine. Got it. Oh, that shouldn't have...I got it. He launched a seed across the ocean. When he arrived, he was tired. This is incredible. By the way, he raced the sunset, managed to make it to the seed bank itself, and from that, Evandra's gift itself has been, well, using the ancestors of that very seed. Great. And the centaur's name was...Frelj? Frelj. Frelj Poxtrin. Yes. Okay. Thank you. Close the book. Let's get this one, guys. This one seems...this guy basically invented wine, is what I'm gathering. It was in my dishwasher, but it's clean. Okay. Thank you so much. You want to get any other books? What about beer? You look for one. I already looked. Does the other team spend a lot of time in the library? Not at all. Our team has never been in the library. There's no such thing as an Axe library. I searched for a distilling beer. It's called brewing beer. Brewing one, whatever. Sure. You want dwarvish, gnomish, or human? Human. Human? Human? Mm-hmm. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. You want me to help your investigation real quick? Hold on. Sprocket, I can't find anything. Move aside! Move aside! You're basically fucking illiterate. Fuck. 22. Holy nuts. So you were looking at the human section of the beer itself. I hold Sprocket up so he can read the titles. None of them have. Sprocket notices that there are the three different versions, but that the writing on the human and on the dwarven has words written in gnomish. I wonder who can read gnomish. Deceive my people! And the gnomish that it reads there says something along the lines of various forms of root. Instead of barley. Interesting. Root what? Roots. Root beer? Root beer. Root beer! Indeed. All right, so I... So what are the basic ingredients of... that we need? Oh, you're so easy to get started. This is real bad, guys. Hello, Di. So what are the basic ingredients we need for all of our brewing needs? I'm gonna hit the markets next. We need... All you need is barley, hops, clean water, and yeast. How many times have I fucking told you this? What about wine? Don't need anything freakin'... What about wine? ...grapes and yeast. I don't even know if you need yeast, actually. But how do you make a chocolate beer, then? Why would you make a chocolate beer? That's not natural. What's wrong with you? A Vagmahar Imperial Stout? Come on! What? Those things are great! I've been walking along silently all day long, I'm losing it. I grab the frail book and I grab the beer book that has the most gnomish on it, and we go check them out at the checkout counter. Cool. Do you have your library card? I hold up my library card, it's about this big. You can invert your gags from the shopkeep. The spine of the... ...spine of the thing... ...reads Hiddleston Green. Of the brewing book? Yep. Hiddleston Green of Shroomtown. That's low-key interesting. Do we want to experiment with ingredients for flavor? Of course. Okay. What flavors do we want? Hmm. Beer or wine? Both. Alright. Wine? I'll grab some fresh fruits. Ooh, I'll get some apples, we can experiment with cider. Sure. You know I can grow things, right? Yeah, but I'm hitting the market. Can you grow yeast? I don't know. Can I grow yeast? No, yeast is an animal. Yeah. Where are you gonna grow it? Can you turn into yeast? That's what the roots are for. I'll go buy it. What is the challenge rating of yeast? I don't know. Are you able to grow it in under six hours? We're not going back to the forest in under six hours. So you have to go back to the forest to grow it? We have to go back to get it. Okay. So you weren't here earlier? We're using Kyle's portable distiller to create samples for the tavern tonight, so we have to buy ingredients. That works then. We've also passed our 815. Tyler, this is our new thing. This is your new DVD? We don't care about any other shit anymore. So, well, okay, I will go to the market to buy stuff, but also do similar to Varus where I'm getting a feel for the city. Sure. Are you gonna head to which market? Are you gonna head to the gnome market or are you gonna head to the human market? Well, we should probably do human first. I can't speak gnome-ish. Oh, are you coming with me? I'm going with you. Yeah, I have the books that have the ingredients in them. Oh, okay. Yeah. This will be good and then I can start doing the... All right. On the way, I start pouring through both the Frelid Wine Book and the Mr. Gnome Man Brewing Book. The date of the Gnome Man Brewing Book is recent. Maybe within the last 10 years that one was written. The other one was way older. And I take note of the ingredients in each and I keep them in my mind for when we get to the market. Okay. Boom, boom, boom, boom. I apply my 20-int to this problem and therefore solve it without having to think about it. Nice. Zach, this is on me for not starting this tomorrow, the beginning of the session. I'm sorry. Okay, so... If you want, we can just take our brewing into slack tomorrow or something. Yeah. If you want to go along. Oh, that's fine. I've got some people you guys are gonna end up running into, I guess, at this point. So, last time we were in Windhaven, there were like famine issues and stuff, right? So, how's the town looking now? That same kind of area, that market area you were at last time, where they were basically selling everything, they were pawning everything, there are now droves of people with big bushels of rice, bouquets of flowers, large kind of hooks with like... not hooks, but bars of just hung fish. They're all kind of still living, very clearly, not undead fish. And they're all there bargaining for their things back, and the prices for the things they sold have gone way up. As now the person who was one of the few people who had food at the time is now cashing in on all those favors that they had lent out. You see a bunch of ragamuffins kind of moving throughout the streets. You recognize a few of them from us, some of the orphans from that orphanage you guys went by. We saved them, didn't we? We did. Oh yeah. And they don't even, they don't run up to you, they don't, they just keep continuing on their way. It's as if they've blocked that out of their mind. I'd say sure, Bob. It'll be for the best. There's still drab here. Let's be clear, they're very clearly still drab in the city. And in fact, there might be more drab than there were before. These drab have kind of been relegated. They're starting to learn as a city how to deal with these drab. In fact, some of the restaurants that you go to, they found drab who were just cooking and they placed them in the right spot. And they're the ones making food and they're the ones cleaning and they're the ones, and of course there were drab who were good for nothing. Can I, like, stealthily take one of the drab? I want to see if they've got a spell written on them. Sure. Yeah. You're going to just stealth it or are you just going to go for one of the drab vagabonds who are kind of in the street? Yeah, vagabonds. How hard are you going to work? Pretty hard. This is going to be fun. All right. Go to, like, a secluded spot and stretch through. Sure. You're able to do this with ease. It's just how stealthy you want to be. So if you like to be very stealthy about this, you can. But you have seen people just straight up walk up to the nearest drab and punch them straight in the face and walk away. No, I'm fine with taking one with people noticing. I want to be more stealthy about what I'm looking for. Okay. Yeah. Sure. So go ahead and roll. Cool. Yeah. Who did that? Did I see that happen? Unfortunately, you're still on the ship. I had a 16. 16? Yeah. Okay. You guys, during this whole thing, slack whatever the things you're going to be picking up. Yeast. This is going to be it. All right. All right. So you had a 16. Oh, yeah. You push the drab who's just kind of walking by into an alley and go into the alley after them. I love the cheese. You are an ex-urgeon. You know how this works. I do. Nobody's going to pay attention so long as the person falls into the alley. Then it doesn't matter who goes in after them. Right. Varus is walking with you and kind of trying to deal with these two who are all about shotting. No, I'm still in the bar. You're still in the bar? Oh, that's right. He's holding down the fort. Still in the bar. He's buttering them up for incoming wine. I'm so bad at running with it. By yourself, you push. And the drab falls and doesn't get up. This kind of 35-year-old human male with blonde hair and his mustache is now grown to the point that he's got this kind of beard that is wholly unkempt. Correct. He smells awful. His eyes themselves have this kind of white film over them. And based on his mouth, which is just kind of slack-jawed open as he's walking on, as he's laying down on the ground in this fetal position, you can tell that within he's got this kind of terrible, terrible dental hygiene. But it looks like inside his mouth he's just parched. Yeah. Almost definitely. Okay. His hair seems to be coming out in clumps. And you search him, give me an investigation check or a medicine check. It's up to you and what you would like to use. They give you different things. Why did I do this? Okay, I can do this. Twelve. Twelve? Investigation. Investigation? Yeah. You start with the first place that you would think that there would be kind of like the back, indeed. So you kind of pull the shirt down and it kind of almost melts as you, and rips as you just even gently pull it. And you look and I think at the back, right smack dab in the back, there is nothing written. Just dirt and grime. Okay. Anything else? I'm going to do a strip search. Like, this is going to happen. If I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this the whole way. This poor, like, sorry dude, I know, if you're in there, I'm sorry. You find that this is an ex-member of a particular house in the city. He belonged as a farm hand, but you can see that there are receipts for drinks in his pockets. Last name is Hilbrant. All it really has is just an account, Hilbrant. What you see is there is a tattoo on his, underneath his beard, right here on his clavicle of a sun. And there's a sun pendant in silver around his neck. It's strange that no one has taken this yet. I take the pendant. You take the pendant? Okay, you pocket the pendant. I redress him and stand him up and kind of like get him walking normally again. As soon as you stand him back up on his feet. And I say thank you, because I'm a polite person. He doesn't even acknowledge it and he walks like a zombie out towards the street and moves on his very way, back on his predetermined path. I'm the analyzer. I try to catch up with the alcoholics. Alcoholics are in the midst of buying their drinks. They're very excitedly discussing the ingredients. Send me your bill. Yeah, it just lasts, doesn't it, you? Did they even start missing? No, not at all. We have the hops, yeasts, grapes. We're doing the good berries. What if it doesn't work out? Okay, well then I'll do grapes second. I can't have wine that doesn't last more than a day. If you distill it and then age it, it might last more than a day. We don't know. Well, we'll do two batches, one good berry batch and one regular berry batch. You might want barley. Is that not what wheat is? No, they're not the same. Barley. They're not at all the same. Boom. So they buy the things to go to the store. Every bit of thing that's been grown that you buy and purchase is a premium. Yeah, I rolled a 22 on my nature, so I was going to say I only buy the best of the best. It just occurred to me that if you mix barley with berries, it would be barely wine. Get a point in the description. For barding. All right, so the wheat, the barley, the hops, the grapes, the apples, the oranges, the apricots, the coffee beans, the coca leaves, all of them are in the prime. It's as if they were grown exclusively for a night like tonight. This is the time in which these people have targeted in order to sell and they sell well. However, it is kind of a markup. It's a goal per thing. Hold on. I need, we need two barrels. Oh, we need bottles. Two barrels and then you store aged beer and it's like a giant glass thing, right? Yeah, but we've got to get them samples and bottles. Buying in a famine is just not a good start. So we'll look at that. We've got six bottles. No, twelve, because we have to drink some ourselves. Twelve glass bottles, glass, what do they call them? Carboid or something like that? Carboid. How do you spell that? B-O-I-S. How do you spell it? B-O-Y-S. C-A-R-B-O-Y is a single carboyle. I can grow like a little vine on each of the bottles with JuryCraft. Oh, totally. That can be your logo. That packaging. I added two barrels, twelve glass bottles and a glass barrel. Okay, the carboys and the barrels cost you a gold total, but all of the food and stuff that you're purchasing each costs you a gold per thing. Per bushel each thing. So that's eleven gold per thing. The fucking chain which went with the flavor. I didn't want to publicly admit this, but I'm broke as shit. Can you cover me? I'm super fucking broke. Did you see that tower I built? That was literally all my money. I'm so glad we left it. Most of your money is still in the bank. I've got enough for this. Okay. Are there any stalls selling gemstones around here? Oh yeah. So the barrels cost how much? A gold total. For both barrels and all twelve glass bottles and the glass carboyle. It cost you gold. Okay, so that's full gold. Cool. I go up to a gem stall and I say, are you buying? You look at the human behind the counter and he looks at you with knowing eyes. It's a sprocket. Fuck. Over spark. Who is it? Silver seat of the diviner's covenant. You don't recognize me, do you? Do I recognize him? Of course not in this form. He snaps his fingers and he, as an illusionist wizard, now changes his disguise back to his normal self. And he is? He is the platinum seat of the illusionist wizards. That guy's important. Yes. This is Hayden Dar. Hayden Dar. How do you spell it with a blast name? Dar. He hears Elvin, a half-Elvin man with a brownish cloak and a face tattoo. Can't miss him. No wonder he's an illusionist wizard. And he kind of looks at you and he goes, what, do you hear commission as well? What kind of diviners are they needing around this place? You know, will it sit me here? She speaks highly of you. I've never really met super well. I just was there when you became a silver seat and you promptly left. Yeah. So, what, are you looking to cast some spells with some gemstones? I don't remember. Whatever. Before I figured out who you were, I was just going to sell an extra gemstone I had. But listen, what are you doing here? I'm going to cast Hunter's Mark on Sprocket at second level so that I can keep track of where he is. Keep track of where he is? And then I'm going to go wander through the market while they have their conversation. Perfect. Never losing track of your gnomish friend who now moves far too fast. Regine, keeping with you or staying with Sprocket? I'm thinking about doing something else, but I'll stay with Sprocket for now. Okay guys, but eventually Randall has to land so he also gets to play the game. And we have to check in on Varn. Land him whenever you want. You're the DM. Randall's landing tonight. He lands tonight. And after tonight we've got one day until the Harvest Festival? Yes. Really? Yes. Tomorrow is the day before the Harvest Festival. Okay. Anyway, he looks at you and says, I'm the fireworks. And he raises his hand and fireworks are a minor illusion behind him. For the festival? Oh yeah. Sick. Nothing but the best. I come here every year. You trying to make some side money and I just directed gems and stuff? Well, normally it's to make sure that wizards who need gemstones for their... But I'm just kind of here because Lilla said it. You know, I should stick around. Huh? Get a diamond. Aren't you here with me? Get a diamond. Um... How much for diamonds? What, you're looking for a thousand gold piece diamond or a three hundred gold piece diamond? I look up a brigade. How many diamonds do you want? I think I just... You plan on dining in South City? Yeah, that's the problem. Me? Yeah, of course. But this is for her. Oh, nice to meet you. I'm Hayden Dahr. Hi, Brigitte. Nice to meet you. Oh yeah, this brigade! Can I try to flirt with him a little bit to get the price down? Sure. I wink at him. What's your charisma at? That is mine. Ten. Oh, that's better. He lays a line. You like partially wink the other eye, too. Of all wizards to be charismatic, the illusionist would be the one. No, no, not... You're not an illusionist wizard. He's an illusionist wizard. Oh yeah! Cool! He winks back. She thinks he's a man. So good. Three hundred's a product? Do we need three amounts or ten amounts? What's the plan here? I need a diamond to resurrect... Oh! That's three hundred gold. I know. I need a hundred gold pieces worth. So do we want one to split into ten or one to split into three hundred? Rise won't get one to split into ten and then you have three casts of resurrection. I have ten casts of resurrection. Holy fuck! Why don't I just do you a favor here? I have some broken diamonds. That would be lovely! They're more or less worth a hundred gold pieces each. Next time we talk business, maybe we do it away from the shopkeeper. Listen, I just came here to sell something. I didn't know you wanted to buy something. I didn't know either until we got here. Okay, yeah, broken pieces would be great. Sure, yeah. You said you were going to cast Greater Restoration? Probably, yeah. What's the plan? It's just a backup, honestly. Just a backup? Sure, sure, sure. I travel with some people that get hurt a lot. It happens. Healer? Kind of, sure. Sure. How many do you need? Yeah, let's just go with the ten. Ten of them? Yeah. Alright, and he hands you eleven. That's a thousand gold pieces. That's a man? That's awesome. And I just hand him a thousand. Just give it to someone in need. I know, I appreciate that. Out of my bag, I pull out a large opal gemstone. How much for this? Sprocket. I don't even want to know where you got it. To be honest, I don't remember where I got it. How much for this? Do we have a... I think I can do more. Do we have a bag of folding that I believe has three diamonds in it? We have a Nyx. Well, now I have eleven. Nyx used to be the... Five! Yeah, I'm looking for it right now. Sure. And he takes the sack of thousand gold that he was just given, plops it down in front of you, reaches down and pulls out another sack and another, thank you, a smaller sack. Twenty-five hundred. Thanks! And I put on the counter above me the giant opal and I scraped the gold as best as I could into my bag. You know how much these things weigh? He just pulls it back with a thud, lands in the sack just behind the counter. You should have winked at him. You would have gotten another twenty-five gold. I say, uh, well, it was good meeting you, Hayden. Yeah, no problem. Hey, you get a chance to swing by the Magister Circle. Eon's not doing well. So I know who's Eon. Everstar, alabaster seat. Oh, got it. Oh, that's not good. Um... He hasn't really been doing well since you and your friends came by there, actually. Which time? We've been there twice. And then we went up to the top of the tower. Oh, at that time? Um, okay. It's gotten worse. Some sort of disease or...? Just a heads up, I'm the Latin American wizard, no. If you have anything you need, you want to make sure you get back before the selection process if we're going to need to pick another one. Oh, shit. Oh, shit. Okay. So what's that take? Thanks for the heads up. I'll get back there as soon as I can. No problem. Alright. Let's check in. Looking forward to your fireworks show! It's going to be spectacular. See you in a couple of days. Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do. Bye, Connor. In like the most awkward Florida ever. Like, thanks, man. It was great seeing you. Yeah, you can go back to the tavern and cook for dinner. Great seeing you, too. Just... I'm only doing one click there and then... And then pop away. Alright. So if I cast one of our enemies, I'll find you. Back in the deck of the Emerald Veil. Yep. I'll Lorelai's promptly at the front of the ship. And the performance is spectacular. I have a little prep work to do for my performance, as I would go. Yeah, yeah. What are you going to do? So what I'd like to do is I'd like to cast Legend Lore on Summer. Try to find some little details that maybe somebody else doesn't have. Sure. I probably don't have time to go out and do some investigation. But I'll do that. Maybe pen up a song based on my feelings about it. And then describe what I'm seeing to Baron to do the visual performance. Oh, shit. You're doing like a narrated performance. Yeah. Okay. So you cast Legend Lore. And you are reminded of a still statue-esque situation that happened at the top of the Windmill Willow at Summer's Last Light. Leonidas being the Leonidas of Summer's Last Night of Summer's Last Light is in his inner sanctum. He has the creation or the death of Juliania of the Summer Court as she is being consumed and turned into an amulet, a demonic amulet that has been fighting with Gabriel. And all four of them get combined in with Renardine of the Autumn Court. And they become the abomination itself. But before that, there is a story of star-crossed lovers. Star-crossed lovers of a fae queen of Summer who is betrothed to Autumn. And that love was betrayed when she catches him sneaking out at night to go and visit Gabriel of the Kind, a celestial. And so she in turn is approached by a dapper devil and is bewitched by Grast, the demon prince of pleasure, and who lures her to her own doom. And so this kind of star-crossed lover story comes to mind. But Juliania before that was a lovely person where everywhere she walked there would be marigolds all around. And these marigolds themselves can still be found in certain areas in Mardoch, specifically in Donhaven, which is the greater continent of where you're headed. You've got necessarily an idea that marigolds, but maybe avoid the subject of the demon prince of pleasure, but perhaps her in her summertime dress, dancing in the marigolds might be a thing to see. Okay, so I think what I want to do is a song of hope. Okay. I would like to call it Marigold Wine. Oh, I like that. And I'd like to maybe if I could get up with my crew, transfer the information that maybe we should start selling some marigold wine at this party. Oh, this could conveniently have some marigold in it. If we can acquire some marigolds. Now, it's a flower, right? Yeah. I already have a lot of them. You have some? Yeah. If you want, so here's how I'll do this. You can practice today to give yourself advantage tomorrow. Okay. Or whenever you prefer that. Right. So go ahead and give me a performance roll. Okay. The DC on this is going to be 16 for you to give yourself advantage tomorrow. Okay. So 19. 19? Perfect. So, you do preparations. You start thinking of what a marigold wine would even look like. It almost looks like a bottled sunrise. Right. Yeah. That's it. All right. Back in the bar, how many hours would it be? Four hours. It's getting dark as you're arriving in the port. You have rolled how many D20s? It was one per hour. One per hour. So you've rolled. I rolled them in slack. Oh, you did? Yeah, because there was going to be several and I didn't want to remember. You got eight, 18, eight, and four. Eight, 18, eight, and four? You're talking to the same guy twice. We rolled the eight. He's an illusionist. One, two, three, four, five. Oh, I got a three. Three? Okay, wait. I think higher is necessarily better. One, two, three. All right. You come across this guy. Oh, fuck no. From inside of things. Look at this bitch. Hell no. Saskia. Saskia. This guy is like, bitchy. This kind of... In fact, his whole cloak is beige and he looks to almost fade into the background of the human side of things as you've gone over there with a bottle of wine. As you walk past his table, he reaches out a hand and grabs onto the bottle. As you've been holding it up, looking around, he says, Brent, a tail for a bottle of wine. Two. All right. Nice to meet you. My name is Matthew, Matthew Winsman. Boris. Boris. Boris. Boris. Boris. So, Boris, what brings you to a tavern with slinging around the line like it's nothing? Trying to get a sense of the town, new to the area. Oh, wow. Like mines. I just kind of blew in. I was hoping to make sure I could catch and perhaps perform for the Fae Queen. I've been hearing a lot about this. Of course. Yeah, she's fickle. I think I can work with that. Be careful. Yeah. Fickle is an understatement when it comes to the Fae. I have a secret weapon. Last couple of... Well, I got a hold of the soil she gives out. Yeah. I grew, and he places a pan flute on the table. I grew the wood he used to make this instrument from that soil. She's going to love it. At this point, can I roll insight to see if this is like rental? Well, I'm not saying his name. See if this is rental. Yeah, see if it's in the disguise or something. Sure, go ahead and roll. What'd you get? I rolled a 19 and I have a bonus for insight, so that should be really good. That's going to be a 25. 27. 25? Okay, he's clearly not this beige, cloaked individual in front of you. In fact, as you kind of look at him a bit, it looks like the hair seems to be blowing in the wind that does not exist. He is definitely not Mr. R. But he's definitely not human. Okay. Okay. The last name of Winsmith. Winsmith. He's not very creative. No. This is an aerogenics. Winsmith. All right, next. We'll blow through the rest of these. I need to fix my notes. What was the name of the Gnomish Bering book? It was something green. It was the author's name. Oh, oh. Hiddleston Green of Shreveport. Thank you. Hiddleston. All right. And then, what else were we going to ask? Who am I supposed to check on in the Magister circle again? Eon. Eon. How do you spell that? E-O-N. All right, Eon. Awesome. Inspiration point. Thank you. All right, now I fixed my notes. We can continue. You got an A? Yes. Okay. All right, you come across the elf who had a similarly slung bow to you as you walk up, and she pushes one of the drunker of her crew off the side of this booth. It says, fellow archer, fellow elf, fellow drinker of wine. Sit. Tell us a story. Hopefully not one of defeat. How does escape sound? Sounds a little too familiar, too close for comfort. You from Tower Bridge too? No. It's unfortunate that there's more than one place an elf like us would escape. So, where are you from? A different world. Okay. You can have your seat back. I am not nearly as drunk as your friend. Okay, all right, hold on. Tell me the story. Okay. I'm going to repeat it and take up all the time, but I'll tell her vague story of rescuing... Holy shit. Another world, and you're telling me it's always snowing ash. Yeah. And there's a god of death. And there's a god of death that just walks around. Yeah. Buddy, you've got it rough. I thought we had it bad. No orcs, though. There are orc zombies. But they didn't attack you in particular, and that's how we run from them, right? Everything attacks you. Well? You breathe. Fuck. Yes, we're not toasting. All right, look, listen, I'm just here to drink some wine and kick it back in a place where elves can be elves. That? That sounds nice. Good luck, Boris. Sure. Top off the wine glass. Thank you. Thank you. All right, what was the next number? Up from eight. Eighteen. Eighteen? Okay, we're going to the other... She got one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. You've come across Sam. Sam sits alone, Sam. Refuses your drink, but thank you for the company. It's nice to meet you. Boris? Boris. Boris. Yes. Boris, you happen to know if this town is safe? Safe? Safe is relative, but this is safer than many places I've been. I don't think this is the place. Not enough trees, not enough shelter, not enough places to hide. I'll have to keep looking. If you're looking for a place like that, there's... Are you trying to advertise our castle? Don't advertise our castle. I was going to say there's a druid's grove. Oh, hell yeah, advertise that one. In Bartos. In the sanctuary. Wait a minute. That might interest you. Are you kidding me? That's... Yep, April Fools. That's what my wife went. She was there looking for a place to stack such children. Without them. Without them here. I can't play it up. Then you should especially meet one of my companions later today. Whenever they return. Have you met Yvonne? Yes. Did you see her? Is she safe? Yvonne? Yvonne, yeah. You met her? I did, right? Yep. Yeah, she's safe. Was she safe? How was her cloak? Was she worn from travel? Was she here? She was safe and found refuge. I don't remember all the locals. Is she still there? She was as of yesterday. Boris, thank you very much. It was nice meeting you. Oh, shit. You should stay. At least for a day or two. Because it may be easier to get. It may be a quicker route if you just stay here for now. I will wait here. Not in the seat, I mean. We'll see you over the next day or two. Perhaps this was fate. Thank you. Thank you. It was nice meeting you. You too. Side quest accomplished. Get that side quest yet again. Alright, what was the last roll? I think that was the last roll. That was it? Perfect. Or no. Did we do, I rolled a, you had me re-roll something. Yeah, you rolled a three. You rolled a eight, one of the eights. Two of three. You got the, I did eight, three, 18, and, four. Four? We missed the four. Get out of order. Okay, you meet this woman who is at the front gate, kind of guarding and performing the bouncer duties. As you walk by with the bottle of wine, she goes, oh, thank you, I'm going to need this. Go on in, there's a room for you. Bad today? That's awful, awful, awful, awful. Just the festival or something else? No, just busy, busy, busy, busy. I'm making my own way outside of Monter. My name is Etory. Boris. Nice to meet you. What took you from Monter? I didn't want to live in my mother's shadow. It is dangerous to be the daughter of the voice of potential. Lot of expectations. I figured I would take the very place that she would hate the most, a brothel on the other side of the world. The white pony is a brothel? Yeah, dude. You didn't know that? No. It's run by a madam. Well, fine, I just thought she was a nice lady. It's rocket. It's rocket wood. Anyway, 20 intelligence. Hey, that's not a stress, you're looking for wisdom. It's not my stuff. All right, so here we are. You're targeting Etory. Yes, the brothel on the other side of the world. One big middle finger to my mother. May she never get here. I'm going to make a marital. Well, I can understand frustration with parents. Why do you need some more? Maybe say hi sometime before it's too late. Why keep that in mind, Vars? Because it may be too late for me. I hope nothing's happening in Monothurn. If so, it's going to be a lot of voices at the Veritasium Palace. Why did I name something so hard to say? A lot of voices and the carcass is going to have a long, long deliberation. Good day to you. And nighttime. You arrive at the flooded roots within the grotto. The collection of gnomes and halflings who all make up that contingent. I'll greet you and... Ah, welcome, welcome, welcome. It's been quite a while since we've seen you. Yeah, it's been a second. Glad to be here. I've been so excited for this Arvis Festival. You can't even imagine. You were speaking the last time you came by. Eagleheart is still here. She's up in the festivities. It's Randall the Pegasus Rider, right? Pegasus Bard, yeah, but that works too. Pegasus Bard. You know, that's not the song we heard. Okay. But Pegasus Bard it is. And they call it a name. This is a halfling. We got the name wrong! Okay, we'll fix it the next time. Hands up! Yeah. Where's the nun you used to travel with? Sorry, the nun? Yeah, for the cowl. Right. She had to go back. Duty calls. Well, luckily the sister was able to at least see the world a bit. That's right. It is a service you've done. Avanra will bless you. Let's drink a good much. Would you like some wine? Absolutely. Ah, excellent. Okay, so they go over to one of the potatoes that are being planted in this kind of flat wrap that does not move anymore. And they go and they pluck one of the potatoes out that's just the roots have grown all the way down on hydroponics. And they snap off a root and they place it kind of like a Shirley Temple in a bottle of wine and hand it over to you. Okay, got it. Avanra's gift to you. Great. I'm going to throw back half a glass of that. Excellent. Well, we'll see you at the festival. Alright. Make your way up towards the Traveler's Pony. Right. I'm going to fly all the way there. You fly all the way there? Just to, I've got things to do and so little time, you know what I mean? Excellent, excellent. Speaking of which, when you get there, the sundown's already there. Real quick, sorry. I want to fly up, go 6,000 feet and every 2,000 feet you'll locate an object on the, let's just do the water seal. Okay. Water seal. Are you doing real shit? None. Water seal. Water seal. 4,000 feet. None. Water seal. 6,000 feet. None. Cool. Water seal is very clearly not in that area. No. Okay. Cool. I'm going to work the territory in my mind and then head back to the end. Alright, you arrive and most of you arrive from your shopping extravaganza. Varus is just now finishing up with the torii as Randall arrives, click-clopping. You would know the bray of that pegasus anywhere. Yep. He's here. Hey, what's up, guys? Real quick, on my way back to the tavern, I'd like to set up a ride with those people to Cloud City for early tomorrow morning. Oh, when you get towards the gate over where you thought you were going to commission it, in fact, you come across the rest of the farmer's daughters. But not Sarah Putnam. Sarah is not there. And they go, she's drinking, you're going to have to go find her in the tavern. But we'll be here tomorrow. What time can I leave? Sun's first light, if you want. We can go there and back? Day trip. Sun's first light, leave by four, get back by sundown. All right, thank you. No problem. My knees. Cloud City on the ground now? Yeah. They're going to keep the name, though? Actually, now it's called the Storm Peaks. The Storm Peaks. That's right. Right there. To the tavern. Keep up. Nice. Added it to the map. Sweet. I can kind of tell where you guys have been. Routing? Yeah. You really need to get rid of our... Here's a pile, here's a pile. Dude, yeah, this is on fire. Yeah, we need like... Some of the tea is on fire, too. Something needs like a hazmat symbol on it. A biohazard symbol on that arm. Where the distillery is. Isn't there like a burning blockade at one point? Oh yeah. That was it. That was on the north up here, on the way out. That was the remains of the Tower Bridge crew that you guys came across on the way in, by the way. This is a mystery egg. Anyway, Randall arrives and Alice whistles for Ima to stop. And Alice reads to him, Randall! Hey. Hey, welcome, welcome. It's good to see you again. Yeah, good to see you too. I hope you are here to play and perhaps beget us with a tale that is not one of you being a Pegasus writer. Right, no, no, no, that's not my jam anymore. It's not played in the backpipes, is it? Please, no more backpipes. No, I've got a new one for you. Oh, good. Would you like to play tonight or would you say that for tomorrow? I would like to say that for tomorrow. I could give you a personal rendition of some of my other tales if you're interested. Which ones have you heard? Just the one where... Well, I recently heard something about two doctors. Two doctors? I absolutely could do that one. Oh, good, because the way that you're... No offense, companions. Your companions told it was strange and disconnected and had no flow, no pizzazz to it. Right. Oh, and well, of course there's the Ballad of the Pegasus Knight. But more importantly, downstairs, I'd like to see you. There's a new management down there. Winnipeg has gone on a travel... gone missing. Oh. Anyway, she's headed to the back of the Har and to go find her father. Well, that's a good idea. I was hoping to run into her. Yes, yes. Winni will have to... Well, I'm sure you'll enjoy Lahar's management stuff. Lahara. Lahala. Lahala, got it. The Farmer's Daughters were who he commissioned. This is the umbertown cabal of horns. Okay. Cool. All right. So I guess I'll perform the two doctors, which Bracket hasn't heard yet. Right here in the middle of the line? Wait, is this in the line? I thought it was at the... I thought we were at the bar. Well, you're outside the bar where in the city where there's been a large kind of expansion tent has been up. And the bard who was previously playing, she kind of shoots you a look. She is... Mina is the... what do you call it? Orchid? The Dazzler. Dazzler kind of looks at you and kind of narrows her eyes and walks back into the bar. I'm taking a break. I'm going to click my heels and do a spin. You're going to dance? Do a spin. Just a quick nod. I just thought it was the whole town. Yeah, you're all there. This is the first time you guys have heard the tale. Yeah. Oh, and Randall walks and I say, there he is, our marketing man. This rocket's kind of steep in the brewing books, trying to learn as much as he can in the next five minutes before he has to brew something. Can I ask why? Varus has been... this is not the first bottle Varus has bought. It is... Well, Varus hasn't finished a bottle himself yet, let me put it that way. Okay, he's just hanging them out. Varus is pouring a lot and only drinking a little. Markup 15. How much? 15. Okay. If I have time, I want to let you guys in on this strategy for Marigold Wine. Not only am I going to make that the centerpiece of my song, but I'm going to sneak it retroactively into the other performances. Just subtly. After the performance, meet us in our office upstairs, our business office. Is Sprocket too distracted to know the song about him? We'll see. Well, I'm going to be watching Sprocket's face to make sure I got everything right. Okay, so Sprocket's flipping through a book, not paying attention, and Randall is literally dancing and singing at him, like looking over at his reaction. Sorry, to be clear, the dance was just to do a flourish, to nod to this other dancer. Gotcha. After that straightforward performance. As soon as she walks in, the dancing stops and the playing picks up. That's when the 17 performance check really comes in stride. Are you putting this on your loop? Yes. Alright, rocking the loop, plucking a few strings. You get it, because this is not an instrument that's in your face. You get a pretty good look. Roll Insight to see, and roll History. Yeah, I was going to ask, do I feel like eyes burning a hole in the back of my head? Both of you roll Insight. Insight, not History. Twelve, that's the lowest roll you've ever made. I'm very insightful. Told you I'm not wise. You rolled a two. Can I see your record? Superceptive. I got a two. You got a two, but he doesn't recognize it. I got a ten. Okay. You're paying attention, so you recognize it more so than Sprocket, who definitely doesn't recognize that it's about him. I start crying. Oh, because you know who the other doctor is. Yeah, I do. Oh no, but Randall is far too focused on Sprocket, whose blank expression is difficult to read. You're not certain if it's because you didn't get any of the details right, some of the details right, or he's just distracted in his book. During the meeting, of course. I'm doing the Rain Man GIF. I'm trying to also watch the crowd and see which one they respond to the most, you know, because it's up to the crowd. Every crowd is different. To see which of the two doctors they respond to. Yeah, and then I would like to add the fact that that doctor, the one they respond to the best, is sipping on Mary Gold of Wine, just like as a throwaway line. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Hopefully they've never even heard of that. They respond to the tall doctor who drinks a glass of Mary Gold of Wine as tall as himself and somehow gets better at his doctorly duties. And they go, that's because he's a sailor. And they love it. And you guys, you finish up your deal and you are tipped. Ooh, that's a nat 20 on your tip. You're tipped about, it's strange because the first piece is about five silver pieces, but this line is about 300 people long. Performing at festivals pays off. And you, exactly. Yeah, and so it's five silver times 300 is basically the average. Some of them place gold pieces, some of them are children and don't have any money. But the five silver pieces times 300, which gets you to 1500 silver pieces, so that is, what is it, 100 silver per gold? Or is it 100? That's 10. 10? So you make 150 gold. Okay. As you're just tipped. And there is, as you kind of walk your way in, just on the other side of the red and gold velvet flaps that make up the front door of the Traveler's Pony, which definitely cannot hold 300 people, the bard kind of scoffs and looks at you and goes, music? So, last year. What are you into these days? Coast dancing. Dancing, that's new? It's, um, she just walks up, just clearly miffed, and after her, this elf comes by and bumps into you in this way to follow her towards the Elven Ward. This elf bumped into me? Yeah. Excuse me? Do I know you? Just, uh, no. No, you don't want to know me. Oh, or do I know? Have a good day. And he walks up. Closet room. Very good. He's out. All right. I know it's bruy wiping away tears, and I say, Don't worry, you don't want to date that guy anyways. He just sells chip stones for a living. He's not that great. You don't know my life. Give me a bottle. Hand her one of the empty bottles. I try to grow a marigold on it. You don't have marigold. Yeah. Do you have a seed on you? I drew a craft. You have to, it turned into a seed. I have a seed. I drew a craft. I drew a craft. I have a seed? I have a seed? There's a seed bag in town. You can ask her nicely. Marigold wine is actually a thing, and I didn't know that. Oh, that's badass. Sparrow got a little confused. Bruggey, are you going to put yourself in a bottle? What's the point of the bottle here? I... I begin to rage, and I'm about to smash the bottle on the ground, but I don't, and I just drink more wine and say shut up, Scroggit. Alright. And I hand him back the bottle. I'm going to go to the seed bank tomorrow. Seed bank tomorrow? Alright. Alright. Is there open all night? It's not an all night seed bank. Nope, tomorrow. Dispensary. It's a seed dispensary. Indeed, farm is the dispensary, and collectively we're the distillery. No. Can I be like... It's the world's first weed-free dispensary. Can I just be like a farmer or something? There's plenty of farmers around. Don't make it weird, man. Okay, so you guys all head back to your deal. To the room. You have your powwow here in the office. Alright. Let's start pouring out the ingredients. Tonight we're going to make some beer, and we're going to make some wine. Do I have any chance of being good at this? Yeah, you drew it. I'll help them. The way I see it is for wine, we can do either Marigold or Goodberry, or both. Marriedberry? This is our first ever brew. Yeah, but by adding Goodberries we can make it magical. But think about the magical properties. The whole idea with our stuff is to add magical properties. But it could be a really big draw for bartenders, because you can't put it in a barrel, it'll disappear. Or at least reduce by half. So they'll be like, this is something you can only get at the bar. You can't just pick up and through a distributor. But we need to distribute. We have to start testing. I'll take over here. We have to start testing. We'll create the Goodberry wine now. Can you do one with and one without right now? Yeah, sure. So wine needs to be aged, but my plan for the aging was go talk to the Sphinx who ages things. What's his name? Leonidas. Leonidas! You're going to talk to Leonidas to make wine? No, Finn's going to talk to Leonidas. You're already old. He's going to answer a real question wrong and shove the wine barrel in his mouth. The PTSD of two or 19 years spent alone by a fire. No, reliving my worst memory. This does work. There's a way to make new wine taste old. I might be able to make a deal with Leonidas. We can add leather and ash to it to make it taste old. That's backup plan if Leonidas won't age it for us. I might be able to make a deal with myself. We'll do a Goodberry wine. And we'll create a normal beer. And then for beer, our aromatics are either coffee and cocoa or apricot. We said we wanted a marigold. Oh, a marigold beer? A wine. A marigold wine. Goodberry and marigold wine. No, no, no. Start with just the good berry. If we start out with a marigold wine and the Queen of Thorns gets some and then it vanishes by half when she's drinking it, that's going to be a bad, bad deal. Let's do marigold then. Yeah, create the marigold so that we can get practice distilling first. Marigold wine first. Yes. Okay, Finn, do you remember where the marigolds were before? Yes, I do. Okay. What flavor beer do you want? I don't see coffee, chocolate, apricot. Apricot. What were they for? Apricot. They are poison to snakes. Oh, okay. Plus I can grow apricots. Do we know any snakes that we like? Coffee's just a bean. Well, chocolate's also just a bean. Blanks their outward animal. Oh my god, yes. I don't know if you've heard, but I'm going to roast them. My temple is for the snakes. Are you? Is Kyle a roaster or is it? You should just take the line there. Both. I'm not going to take the line there, but we just, you know. If you need someone to roast your coffee beans, you have a character. I don't see any problem roasting them. Kyle, yeah, you can make another one for the snakes. I will let you know. Yeah, sure. Coffee beans are now curly growing. What flowers do snakes like? They like the opposite. For our beer, let's make. Will you let me know if I run out of space to grow things? Because currently we're just growing things. That tastes the glory of, you've got like a Stardew Valley farm. There's enough for everything. Good. So let's do this. For our beer, let's make an IPA. And we'll use. Or we can start doing like vertical towers. You see the hanging gardens? Orange. We have orange. In our. I got three fruits. I got the apple. I got the apple, the orange and the apricot. Let's do orange and apricot. Those are similar fruits. For the IPA to make it pretty. Yeah, extra hops, orange and apricot. Boom. Yes. Come up with a name for it. Orange. All right. Not Batman. You're supposed to be our marketing man. Get on it. It's serpent's tongue. That's the thing that serpents like. Oh, serpent's tongue. Serpent's tongue. Also known as devil blue. All right. Okay. Is that everything? Let's get to bro. All right. This is going to be a team skill challenge. Oh, yeah. You need three successes to succeed. You cannot use the same thing twice. Nature. Wait, no. My nature is only plus two. I should clarify here. Here are some of the steps we need to accomplish for brewing. We need to boil two large cauldrons of water. Fire. Fruit. Fruit. Fruit. We need to boil two large cauldrons of water. Fire. Fruit. Fruit. Fruit. Fruit. Fruit. Fruit. Fruit. Fruit. Fruit. Fruit. For the wine, actually for the beer, I'll start with that. I think you add like the barley and wheat first. Scott, you have to tell me if it's true or not. I'm going to give a quick clinic update. Yeah. You add like the barley and wheat first. Do we need to go with how much of a people? And then, well, these are skill checks that we can succeed on, right? Sure. And then after that boil. I'll do a nature check to separate the barley from the wheat. At what point do you add like the aromatics? Like you add the aromatics like after you make it. Last. It's last. While you're boiling. You're together. Yeah, it's been a while. Okay. And then you boil for a long time and then the yeast doesn't go until after you've chilled it, right? That's the cool back down. Yeah. So who has like a chilling spell? Something that makes something cold. Ice storm. It's a bit too high. Ice storm. I could take something like very high. That does chill it. Yeah. I can test something on that. Super genius. That chills it fast. And that's natural. Yeah. Natural chilling process. I still want it. I still want Ice Storm to happen just to like us to all be slightly drunk late at night. Me too. And she's like it needs to be cold. Ice storm. Just in the middle of town. Yeah. All right. Do we have all the ingredients? Yes. So for our wine we're doing marigolds, crushed up marigolds. Okay. You also need yeast and sugar in a barrel. Which we all have. I'll do a wider pan if you want to grow them tomorrow. I take cuttings of certain things so I can grow them tomorrow. Okay. I take, you got 12 bottles? Yeah. Why do you need a bottle though? What do you need a ton of bottle for? I'm making a label for us. Oh yeah. A label. Not the bottle. You got 12? 12 bottles. So I'm taking 12 cuttings of orange. Okay. 12 cuttings of marigolds. Oh. Oh you're going to like grow a label? I didn't know what the plan was. Sure. I was planning on growing a vine with whatever the flavor is on the vine. You also meant you could take cuttings and have it in your library of botanicals? Yeah. So I have. Included with the mushrooms that you still carry for your random. Yes. I currently have 15 sprays of marigold and I will donate five to this. Okay. I just grew up from a seed though so I can't just. I mean the sprays have seeds right? So it's just to get a sapling from a seed it takes one druid craft and to take a. To make a sapling bloom it's another druid craft. So you're taking a cutting and making it bloom will create a version of the same thing. Okay. I will donate five of my sprays to this. Okay. Okay so as far as the skill challenge goes I can either contribute by blowing the water hella fast or I can like call the shots. I'll call the shots because I read all those books in the last 10 minutes. What do you guys want? Call the shots. Alright I'll do. I'll just tell people what. I'll orchestrate the steps here because I read all those brewing books. You need to use history? Sure. I'll do. What is history? What it is or like int? Or I guess. History is int skill. History. History. Your ability to read something and then recall it. Alright sure we can do history. They don't have like a just general knowledge. Yeah. I'll do a slide of hand to zest and crush and all that stuff. Okay. Mix and match. Okay. Can I conjure animals to help Randall take it up to the stratosphere? Sure. You can bring more Pegasus. I can sure probably. If I've seen a Pegasus can I make it in Peg? I think conjuring woodland animals does not allow you to decide what the animal is. Can you decide if they fly or not? I can decide what it is. It says you summon spirits that take, it's the challenge reading. What's the challenge reading in the Pegasi? It's in your extras. Extras. It's a Pegasus. Let's go. Let's go. How did you guys chill your alcohol? We flew it to space. So you have two. Two? So I can make one. Okay. One. And then it's a beast. We only have two pots to chill. It is a celestial. Then I can't make a Pegasi. But I can just make eagles. That's my standard. Sure. Bring some eagles. So I'll go ahead and make my two eagles. Load them up to the max. I'll load up the Pegasus to the max and we'll do a flight formation. We're chilling. And I'll turn into one as well just to help out. Sure, sure. The four of you make your ducks V in the sky to chill our cruise. Do a performance for that. I don't know if we want to do that. Why don't you guys do a little dance? I don't know if we want to do that. I don't know if we want to do that. I don't know if we want to do that. I don't know if we want to do that. I'm just giving you a success on this. You spent the spell. Yeah. It's not like you can't go in the air. Works great. All right. Okay, so that's one success. All right. So I need to guide people through this brewing process. Do I get any advantage for having poured over the eagles? I mean, I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. So I need to guide people through this brewing process. Do I get any advantage for having poured over these two books for the last period of time? Oh, you get inspiration for... I'm going to pass it on. He said I could do that. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, you get a DM of inspiration. Oh, no, you're just going to give him a DM of inspiration or a bardic inspiration? Oh, I was going to give him the DM one, but the bardic one... Is he allowed to give me the DM one? Does the bardic one work on your ability checks? It probably does. Yeah, it's probably better. I think we're starting to roll. I'm going to turn the DM inspiration into a type of currency. Oh, well which one do you want to give me, bardic or DM? Bardic is probably better. All right, how much... What dice is bardic in? It should be... It added plus two to your roll for recent study. I'm not going to give you damage. All right, I'm going to go ahead and roll. It's a D10 right now. All right, so this... Ooh, that's... I'm going to need every plus I can get at this. All right, I'll inspire you with DM inspiration as well. And then you said it's a D10 right now? A D10. Okay, is this a D10? That allows you to reroll all the dice. The DM inspiration? The DM inspiration to do damage to the whole thing. Okay, well so we're up to... So we only got an 11 on the first roll, so I'm just going to reroll. Yeah, let's try to do that. What the hell? What have you got? One more than last time? I can add my inspiration. Hey, that's better than using the point of letting you roll. Did you give him another one? Yeah. Oh, good God, all right. Not bad again. Roll better. It does way better. All right, so then... This is important. We used all of our inspiration. 32 is the new roll. Yes. 32. I feel like it's funny. All right, the first two rolls were a 10 and 11. This one's a 32. You guys are in a master class of how to brew beer. You are being led by a recently studied master brewmaster. He's got a natural propensity for this. He walks around and begins to walk through the process like you already have, and now it is up to Finn. Finn. 18. 18? Okay. What was your... What were you doing? I forgot. I was smashing up the ingredients. Deseing. Deseing. Deseing. Yeah. How are you going to lend your aid to this process? Do you know anything about it? I was watching. Watching. Make sure nothing goes wrong. Supervising. I would like to roll survival. First option, yes. Okay. I'm justifying this as both Outlander, you have a history of being able to fend for myself, not brewing exactly, but cooking. Sure. With the resistance, cooking, scrounging, doing stuff like that. Sure. Being able to figure out what's what. Okay. So you're testing it before they kill it? Testing stuff along the way. We also make sure we don't inadvertently poison ourselves. Yeah. Sounds like that too. Or burn down the room where it is. As far as the quality assurance. Yeah. Quality assurance. Yeah. In the... When you're locked in a citadel and can't go out and there's no sun or anything else, you got to make something. Nice. We split this up right here. And that's a net one. Oh, God. I don't have an inspiration. I don't have an inspiration. Well, so that's one fail, but how does the skill challenge work? Well, what happens is Varus drinks a little too much. He tastes just a little too... And he's been watching other people drink alcohol all night. So he opens one of the full bottles and takes a sip of it, and he could swear for a moment that this might turn out poorly. So he does the next best thing. He drinks a little bit more. And then he kind of looks around, and Sprocket is like, no, don't drink that. And you spit it back in and look. Oh, fuck. This is your bottle of wine. So you have one less bottle of wine than you have. All right, all right. And you guys take it up to the sky. We have six bottles of wine, six bottles of beer. So you have one... Five bottles of beer. Five bottles of beer. Or five bottles of wine, six bottles of beer. I think that's an overall success. Good job, everybody. Well, so, hold up. This is like unaged. It needs to go be aged. You take it to the sky. Well, so it needs to be chilled. It's been chilled. All right, it comes back down. As the flying V formation lands spectacularly, and there are a number of people out in the crowd who are all looking up, and in fact, there's the ca of a... The people who... The three of you, Team Nature, give me a nature check. Team Nature. They're all conveniently on that side of the room. Seventeen. Seventeen? Natural one. Natural one? Is that fifteen? All right, you notice this immediately. Have you ever seen a griffin before? Whoa. I think so. All right, well, there's a new griffin who has been caught in the attention as you guys have been riding your way through the sky in formation, who lands. This griffin rider says... Is a griffin a beast? A griffin, I think, is a beast or a monstrosity. Either way, it's... Ah, cool. Take a look on D&D Beyond and we'll find out. As he lands, he goes, Ho! Pegasus rider, I've heard tales of you. Oh, good. Wait, were they good? I hear your riding is bar none, and I have traveled thus far to find you. Was he saying it was barred of none? Oh, boo! Boo! Boo! Boo! Boo! Boo! I... Who's... I'll not be. No, the answer is no. I'm not going to hit anyone. Who else? Okay. Noting that I need to turn back into Rajit to make this ride so unequal. Yeah, you were right. Your Pegasus is a lie, bard! My Pegasus is a lie? This one here tells jokes. I'm not his... Fuck you. I'm sorry if I have offended you. Brigitte. Brigitte? Thank you. Pegasus maiden? No. Pegasus maiden. Now, a bastye! A bast... Are you a pirate? No! Are you a sky pirate? Tomorrow, sundown. Yep. Meet me for the joust. Now, I have some other things scheduled. Is that going to... There's a performance I'm doing. When's the joust? Like, in relation to the performances. Are you talking of the Harvest Festival? Yeah, that's right. Tomorrow is the eve of the Harvest Festival. Oh, okay. We will joust in the Market Square. Sure. What are you writing by the way? This is my Griffith. Oh, you turned it into a... Boo! And the large bird is... Kind of like dwarfs the two... The two giant eagles. This thing is a full, like, size scale larger. As it kind of turns, moves its head in a natural way. And just... I'm definitely getting a closer look at this thing. Yeah, Brigitte, have you ever met a griffin? You know what? I'm just... Can I pet him? Is that cool? Of course you can pet him! Sweet. I go pet the... Mind the beak! It comes off more as like a vet inspection. Just like tracking everything out and making sure I can redo this. I'm like standing beside and I like stretch out my wings. My wings, aka my arms, to make sure I know what it looks like. I am uncomfortable with the way you are admiring my animal. You and everybody else, man. Please step away from the vehicle. This incident will be reported. But he's so pretty. Fly! It calls out and squaws at you and nearly... Actually, give me a dex save. Oh, god. I think that could be a friend animal's spell or something. Nineteen. It squawks and reaches out with its beak and nearly snaps at your hand as you pull your hand back just in time to have it... I apologize! You! Tomorrow! Sun down! Jouse! Yeah, what's the prize? Money, of course! Sounds good. Excellent! And renown! Come, Griffin! And he hops on his Griffin and flies away. Well, that was weird. Okay! It made sense to me. Great! All he said was money! Who talks like that? Griffin writers. Pirates. Skydol. Hi, Ted! Wait! What? Uh... It's part of the thing! I had it already down. No, you're good. Guy Gricade, jousting Griffin writer from Monothan. I hop on my giant eagle and head back to the inn. Alright, is the two of you flying formation? Oh, you did this whole thing in the sky? Oh, this whole time I thought I was in front of the inn. I assumed I was like there cheering him on. I think he was in front of the inn. He was probably impressed with the flying and then was like, oh, that's probably him. Yeah, exactly. He saw the formation. Alright, well just pretend Sparco was there to hype you up. But he wasn't. You can see him and you can hear him as he was projecting his voice. So you can cast... Do you have a message? No. Okay, well you can still scream and it just sounds small from where they are. You don't have a message? Well, I subbed it out for something else. It comes in and out of fashion, alright? Oh, I have the perfect thing. Alright! Just do it, squad! You all go back to your rooms and you notice very quickly that the rooms that you're in, when you get there, you understand that you are a part of the few people who actually got to stay in Trowler's Pony. The rest seem to all be shoveled into, as you open the door, as you open said door before in particular, a broom closet that kind of poses as the entrance down to Umbertown. However, this broom closet opens into a kind of shabby, but not too shabby, very clean, but not clean enough hotel. That seems to be someone's magnificent mansion. Take an Uber! Take an Uber. He says, you guys close the door, have your long rest of the day. No! No? No! You gotta go age the one! It's night time! We'll do it tomorrow, Sprocket. It's gonna age one day. Sprocket, Leonidas, if he decides to do this for us, can do it in an instant. I'm not gonna sell the wine tonight. When are we gonna sell it? You can go if you'd like, like to sneak out at night and you head over there, you will be... Really? Oh. Oh, God. What, Leon? That the sound Sprocket's making. Really? Okay. Wow. Wow. Alright, well, this interruption brought you by cat. If you can convince me to go see Leonidas tonight, I'll do it. Alright, hold on. Is the bar closing? You swing, you go outside? You're not in the bar right now? I thought you went to your rooms. Okay, you didn't go to your room. On the way to the room was the bar. The bar is not closed. Sprocket, this type of establishment stays open all night. In fact, there's a loud contingent of kind of burly, well, like work-hardened women who are all... who have kind of taken over the human side of the bar. It's loud and they are drinking heavily. Alright, potentially, if you wanted to get a head start on this market, what you could do is buy a cask of the most flavorless wine and add your flavorings to it, just to get a jump on it. Eventually, you'll be making your own. But just to get a start on the market. We already made our own. It's right here. Yeah, but it's not aged. Yes, and we can do that tonight. Okay. Uh... Convince me. I guess. Well, there was a group of lesbians that just came in. Bed? Yeah. You're right, I've got no chance with any of them. Bed? Uh, yeah, okay. Sprockets continually... Convinces Finn. I'll first convince Finn to go age the wine. Finn would you please age the wine? Okay. Alright, but you gotta sell all of it tomorrow. I mean, I'm gonna be busy marketing it, but I assume it will sell. Frank Geet! Before we go to sleep, finish the label! I can do that tomorrow. I'm just gonna sleep anyway. If I don't fuck this up, people will be looking for it. I'll take the five bottles. You're laying in town? Um, I do take the bottles and I do what I can with what I've got. Okay. But that means... I know I can't do the marigolds. Well, he gave you five cuttings of marigolds. Frank, so I can get ten of them up? Sure. Okay, cool. Do you want to create ten? You only need one more. Yeah. Okay. Well, no, I need six marigolds and then I need six... Five marigolds. Five, there's five wine bottles. I need five marigolds and then I need six oranges. I gave you five marigolds. Okay. And then I took like orange peel cuttings? Yeah. Yeah, okay, so... Plus a couple to keep for your garden. Yeah, plus a couple to keep for my garden. Um, so, you know, redo this. Reproduce, reproduce thing is important. Um, marigolds on five, oranges. Can I just like make a vine? Like a random fucking vine or do I make a single vine? Sure, sure, especially with the orange peel itself, where the orange peel has been started to peel from, you can create a small sapling that comes out from that and then the twig that would normally attach to a tree becomes a vine when it doesn't, not a tree anymore. And then... That sounds right. Do we want to like etch... That's what is a vine, but just a lonely tree. Do you want to, do you want it to etch into a bottle or like is that just going to be enough? As long as it says distillery somewhere. Did I need something to slide a hand? V distillery. I slide a hand. Jerk, go ahead and roll it. Yeah. No, they roll less than a 12 when you put it in the bottle. Hold on. I have the most three slide a hand. This is the most important part. We need to name it before you etch it. Okay, I'm just going to wait until tomorrow. Okay. Marketing man, get on those names. I roll things and then I go to bed in my little garden. Okay. Can't believe you don't want to go talk to the Sphinx. Alright, let's go, Sphinx. The Sphinx has, I've never met the Sphinx. I don't want him to see my, like, no. That's a bad idea. He's not that bad. Are we naming it so it's not just Mary Gould Lyon? We're naming it? I don't know. Like, you know, like, voodoo zombie or whatever it's called. I would love to call this, I think marigold wine is fine. I would love to call it the return of summer if I could. Oh, call it the return of summer. Alright, that's great. Here we go. Alright, that's the wine. Etch a sketch. That's the wine. Now think of the IPA. Return of summer. I mean, I'm sure there's a glass etcher in town that I can pay for. Absolutely. Shroom Top has deft, tiny little hands. They can get wherever they need to be. I have a plus three sleight of hand and I'm a little drunk right now. Etch tomorrow! Sounds good. For the IPA, how about to get on this Harvest Festival train. Harvest Day IPA. Harvest Day? Sounds like a beard. Sounds hearty. That's cute. I like it. Names are finished. Named. Aging still required. Come on, Ben! Harvest Day IPA and what were we on? It returns summer. My very first home brew once I can brew again after the Red Hot Sauce. Oh, shit! We decided. We can have real Harvest Day IPA. It didn't have to be Harvest Day IPA. Wait, we can make this wine too. That would be sick. I have no idea how to make the wine. I've never made a wine. Wine usually takes a long time. It says four weeks. Yeah. Okay. I mean, it's only one more session. I have a D&D brewing day. Hell yeah. Once this Reno's done. All right. Totally on Mars. Hell yeah. All right, so you guys passed through the what? Hold on. Who's going? Just spinning me? Is that it? Yep. Buddy Cop time. Let's go! Buddy Cop 2, the tale of another doctor. As you guys make your way through the city itself, you notice that the drab have not gone home. That's fine! What do I care? Rolling by, you come across a couple of guards, one of which stops you in the streets. Not necessarily a stop and frisk scenario, but more of a hail. Is there a curfew? No, no curfew. Just wondering what a gnome in human or running around in the middle of town in the middle of the night are doing. What? Well, we have previous relations with Leonidas and besides she's brought by. Yeah. She in the same pove has sheaths her sword. Is this going to go visit Leonidas? We are hoping to. I heard he's secluded himself, but. Yeah, it's been a while. Wow, if you can reach him, be my guest. If not, make sure you get back to the tavern. Be ashamed to lose some patrons. True! We need all the patrons we can get. Let's go! Alright, you push past and head into the area around the Windmill Willow has been vastly kind of, not necessarily redone per se, but definitely changed. Where the white stuff coming off the front is now a magnificent paper lantern display that kind of goes from the tops of the Windmill Willow and down into the streets themselves. Kind of one to each rooftop per se. As you make your way through it's well lit and you manage to get towards the bottom of the Windmill Willow. When you get there the library doors are non-existent. They never existed. And so you're able to walk right through and lo and behold who's there but the old woman who seems to always be there for some reason. Well, three times in one day, dearie. Busy, busy, busy. Did you enjoy your distilling? Yes, we're just wrapping it up as we speak. Yes. She sounds like Bane. Oh shit! You merely adopted a duck. Well, dearie, suppose you're looking fully and I guess... Wow! You're hella smart. How did you know? Ah, passive wisdom. Damn! Did you know the Prancing Pony's a problem? The traveling problem. The traveling problem. The Prancing Pony closed quite a while ago for naming problems. Now, if you're headed up to the last summer's lights, no, you're going to make sure you do not mention... Do not mention. Well, Juliania, of course this is a difficult time. We're coming across the anniversary of her death, you know. Anniversary of her death. Why, that is why we have the autumn equinox. Oh. We can't mention them if we don't remember who they are. I wasn't... Oh, dude, please tell us what if I never hear it now. Well... Do you have that? I straight up don't even remember who that is. Who is the star-crossed for? Yeah. Thought of mentioning the four-climbed. Juliania never occurred to me. We talked about her once tonight and about ten times this whole adventure. Dancing queen? Yeah. It's Emma. Only seven. Is she in the Spice Girls? Really? Yeah. Remembering that? Remembering what? That was nothing! I get an appointment inspiration. Ha! Okay! Enjoy that in your sleep! Now, dearies, heading up. Yep. Pop, pop, pop. Good luck. Good. What? And he turns you away. You know, you're not the first. His late night is a wink. He never sleeps. Rather! Let's go! For all of me here. Do you sleep? Only on Wednesdays. And you head up to the top of the mountain to sleep. Oh, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. You head up towards the Windmill Willow. Up at the treetops as you pass the planks of the inside of the Windmill Willows and to appear beneath each step as you take a step of faith on your way up towards the upper echelons of this tree. As you get towards the top, there is a large stone, not necessarily doorway, more of an archway, like a hinge, like a stone hinge. There's rune work on it and yet the runes on this stone hinge are cracked. What are the runes on? They're in Sylvan. Do you speak Sylvan? No. Third Eye, though. Are you going to swap? Well, so I don't know if it's more of a swap. It's less of a swap more if I didn't declare it this morning. So I'm like, retroactively declaring it. You can spend a quarter to do it. No, never mind. I don't care what Sylvan says. Do it. I don't care what Sylvan says. On the long run. These are done. Wait, hold on. I can spend either quarter? I can spend the garbage one? All right, I'm getting rid of the garbage quarter. Okay, you keep your net 20-40 and you spend your garbage quarter. And you this morning, something about this morning said that you should speak Sylvan. I mean, you did just walk into a druid grove. I mean, obviously Sylvan was important. Of course. But that's not really necessarily what you saw. What you saw necessarily was this stone, this promised stone. This stone art is cracked. And it seems like what has been cracking beneath it, there is, it's not even, it's not winter that's cracked it. It's not summer that's cracked it. It's not autumn that's cracked it. And you can see the ring as these various forms of flower buds underneath, in the cracks, where the Sylvan would normally read, it says, Last summer's light, so long as last summer's light exists, I shall stay here for you, my queen. And where it is cracking, it looks like all power in this is gone. And you're able to walk directly through without any impediment. And you come across the Unitedness who stands there, and the sun has set, in his center. Oh shit, he doesn't have to be here anymore. Is that what I'm doing right? Yes. Well, um. He doesn't acknowledge you as you walk in the door. A bat-fin on the bat. You got it from here, bud. He stares at the sunset himself. I push the barrels forward, the fin. Alright, bud. Four weeks on this one. Two weeks on this one. Good luck! I thought years, ten years? Well, we can't be able to reproduce this in the future if it's years. It's gonna be hard to read what it has. Yeah. Okay. Like, what if they really love it, and they're like, we want more now, and we're like, well, you gotta wait ten years. Why do you have to wait a year then? We want weeks. Weeks. Alright, alright. Two weeks, four weeks. Alright, alright, alright. I believe in you. Who are we reading this? If he ages your ass, I'll remember you. And I'll deliver that letter. The letter F. Okay. The letter F. I love it. So good. Alright. There is no light in this picture as he stands atop. I have stars. I can't believe we brought our fucking beer to this guy. Listen, man. This is not the situation I thought you guys would be in. You can't believe it. Are you guys laughing in character? Well, you know, I just pictured him as a nice little kitty, and he's not. He's not spittin'. Have you seen the face of Giza? I refer you back to the video I sent. I thought he was like the Kaji in Skyrim. That's a debauchee, doesn't it? Different ways. Moving on. Well, we came all the way here. Just don't mention the J-word. He turns. What's the J-word? He turns and says... Hello, Leonidas, sir. You know, I... He looks at you. I think you know why we're here. Welcome. What? Well, you see, sir, we've known each other previously, and, well, sir... If it were to happen, I would not forget you. What is it? Well, are you all right, sir? Mr. Leonidas, sir? I guess I am Mr. Leonidas from here on out. He looks at the sunset. No, I'm not all right. So, um... Well, but so we have these, uh... They both fit into silent. They both fit in what? He's supportive. Ask him what's wrong. Yes, um... With my eight charisma. Call Randall, quick! So, um... Well, anyways, on the same note, sir, Leonidas, sir... What's wrong? Yeah. That's the most worried for the least information I've ever heard. Charisma eight. It's over. It's over. He's won. Who? Who won? You know who it was. Well... You gave him the key. Uh... I... He took the key. He did. Yes. The Parsons have killed Spring. This fucking group is... Fuck. What? Killed Spring. The Fair Wild has lost. There will be no festival tomorrow. Oh, no. What'd you guys do? We could have had a festival. I mean, I saw her not too long ago. When did you see her? Before or after the dragons attacked? Around the same time. Did you miss the tea party? What tea party? The one that happens tomorrow. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? Calculating. Brain man. Did I? Did I miss it? We won't miss it. We'll go. How about that? Well... I was planning on being in Cloud City, but being back by evening... You wish to go to Cloud City tomorrow? I believe they call it Storm Peaks now. You're not wrong. Forgive me. Time with labels does not necessarily hold them. Yes. Oh. You might be talking about tomorrow, several years from now. Yes. So, um, anyways, this, uh... This, uh... Spock, do you want to help yet? No! So, this, uh... So, Mr. Leonidas, sir... So, not to make matters worse, you see, but my friends and I, we have this, sir, this company we've started. And, uh, remember last time I visited, you put all those years on my life? Neither of us have forgot. No. Well, see, I was hoping you could help with that. Maybe you could knock off a couple years of what's up here and put it into what's in there. Should we sue him again at the trials again? Uh, well, no, I wish that some of my time spent in the trials could be spent in the, uh... You asked your wish. Your brother lives. Yes. One of them awaits you. Have you not visited him? Yeah, um, well, I... After all you went through, you never went to visit him? Well... That's a good thing to do. Listen, the company is taking a lot of our time. Did you get a live in me? Well, I, you know, I've been in lots of... I haven't had the chance to visit. It's been busy. I didn't even know what awaited me. I just knew that he lived. Well, you were wrapped up in all of my problems. All of your problems, yes. I made you wine and your beer. How long you wanted? Yes. Maybe just like a year each. Four weeks? Two weeks? A year each. Just let him do a year. Tell me true. What was the name? The name? The name of what you've created. The name of what? Oh, well, this fine concoction is the Harvest Day IPA, and this fine concoction... The return of summer. ...is the return of summer. Although, will there be a summer? I... I knew the name before I asked. Yeah. Yes, of course, Mr. Liam Itus, sir. Yeah. Summer will return. But it means the harvest zenith will open. Spring. How can there be summer if there's no spring? I hope the harvest day air is enough to quell your time when it does. The abomination will be undone. Tomorrow. That sounds like a good thing. I mean, the evil within will run free. Come on. That sounds bad. Right. So about that, Mr. Liam Itus, sir. Where is he? Venedildin. Yes. He's currently in a jail. So the jailer got him? He made his way back, and tomorrow's events will free him. Have freed him. It is inevitable. Well... It is inevitable. Then there's nothing to worry about. Right. Uh... The war for the glittering run is over. Tomorrow will be his victory day. Well, two days from now will be his victory day again. As it has happened before. He always wins, Bert. Windhaven will not last. We were founded on the promise. What was that promise? It's written on the stone outside. It's very set. If I didn't recite it earlier, I'd tell you the promise that I read at this point. Can you reread it? Because I already forgot it. So long as last summer's life exists, how shall safety be in my country? Last summer's life exists. Oh, so the sun is setting. Set. It's set. Last summer's life. Who even knows what last means in this context? Not I. You see the sun down right in front of you? Yeah. You see the light fading right in front of you? Yeah, but who even knows where we are right now? Well, anytime you've been here, has the sun been down? I don't remember. So... That's straight up dumb. So, man, I couldn't write this better. Anyway. Well, Mr. Leonidas, since you know everything that's ever going to happen ever, what's next? I know through tomorrow. That's all? Because the world ends. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm trying to get him to say it. Tomorrow I die. No. I don't know. No. Hmm. Did anyone die before you? I told you we needed to be here. Have you ever seen a timeline change? Never. Only once. At a trial. At a trial? Yeah. What? Ben. You put us on the darkest timeline? I'm just warming my brother back. Bro, you couldn't wish for anything! Your brother better save the world. Yeah, listen. Some of your friends have asked for help. My help. And I've granted it. This cannot be undone. Well, what about your brother? My sister lies dormant in the sudden citadel. I see. She has not awoken in quite some time. Surely, well, hang on. You can't see past tomorrow. You must have known this day was coming. Plus, suddenly, you stop seeing past tomorrow? My own destiny is difficult for me to find, unless it is inevitable. Unless it is something that has happened and cannot be undone. At that moment in time, when it becomes too late for myself to change it, that is when I know it happened and will happen. I've never seen beyond tomorrow. It is destiny. That's a good song, man. I see. Well. Do not change the name of your drink. I hope summer does return. Okay. I'm very sorry, Mr. Leonidas, sir. I only wish the sun hadn't set so soon. Surely, you can rewind time. Surely. Is that all you needed? Your wine and your beer are aged. Was there anything you need from us? It's too late. Enjoy your time. I'll see you again sometime. You'll return? Are you certain of that last point? That you'll see us again? I owe your friends of yours a favor. Friends? Oh. The other party members. No. You're not going to do that. You're still in Morris's favor. He still owes me a bit of a favor. Gosh, I asked for help with the 16-year plan. You guys are wasting all these wishes. Is that going to save the world? It certainly involves what's going on with the... Okay. I'm going to hang out with Leonidas until he dies. To retroactively go back in time and be there? It's going to take more than one. That's fine. Someone else has to agree. I agree that we got a wish. Do you have an inspiration point to give? I do not. I'm going to hang out with him and try to cheer him up a little bit. I'm going to tell him of my time visiting at the laundry. He's as prickly as ever. Tell me, what of her furgo companion, Akoti? Is he there? Who? Akoti. The furball. I don't know. They were kind of rough to me. I just remember her. She was impressive. And your sprite, Idelia? Maybe. There was a brief encounter. Although she seemed to think that I would be able to hold my own. Don't speak it here. My power is gone. Yeah. Well, I hope you're right. And who's this little fellow? He reaches out a wing towards the end. Oh, shit. I forgot the dragon was there. Oh, yeah. Right. Apparently lives outside of time. Yes. Oh, I picked this little guy up in Vodrum. Her name is Mayen. Well, Mayen. You have lived many lives, Mayen. They were all interesting. Though none quite as fierce as they are now. He kind of chuckles to himself. You picked quite a destiny for yourself, Finn. Yeah. Quite a companion. Yeah. Well, we'll see if... I'm able to stop this nonsense that's happening right now. There's not a whole lot of help given to us. You'll find help tomorrow. See you. Can I uncork the return of summer and pour three glasses? Yeah. Pour one out for our homie. No, pour three glasses. We've toast. Three glasses of return of summer are poured. Sprocket holds his own and says, To the inevitable. May it happen as intended. Tink! And with a two-clawed, kind of delicately, he tinks as well. All right. What does it taste like? Sprocket drinks it. Oh, yeah. We got the first taste. Hell yeah! It tastes good. It tastes fantastic to you, Sprocket. This has a bit of tang to it, a little magically. It's a 10. Oh, yeah. 10 out of 10. However, and Leonidas drinks it up wholeheartedly. He begins laughing it up and just breaks the glass and just jowls. This is fine, guys. He can do what he wants. Look over at Finn, who drinks a bit of the marigolds. It doesn't agree with him very well. Finn! Yeah, I don't like snake eyes now, by the way. May in turns from her Azure blue to this kind of sickly bluish green, just entirely on your taste alone. You taste it and she tastes it as well and she turns a sickly green. Finn! What's wrong? I think we aged it a little too long. It tastes delicious! Indeed. What is wrong with me? Here. I don't know. Watch the down with some of the beer. How does the beer taste? You uncork a beer, emergency beer, bust open one of your five things of beer left. You begin drinking and it tastes divine. This is what you were hoping for all along. This is the refreshment you're looking for. You and May in, as you drink May in, Azure color returns to her. Oh, thank God. You're going to have to pretend you like it when we sell it. I just won't say anything. Oh, hey. Well? And you guys end out the night there? No, I'm not spending the night here. My wake up is going to be 35 years later. Hell no. I cinch up a barrel and pull it up the way back. Start walking away. I'll hang out with him. Then I cinch up both barrels. Barrel under each arm. As you get down there, there's a lot of aftertaking. Fast, unseen servant or something? No, you guys assume I have every spell that was ever invented. I don't. Do you have a faithful hound? No, I can only have 20 spells prepared at any given time. It's in the day. So as you make your way down in a feat of strength down to the bottom of the well, the librarian is just kind of, as soon as you kind of get halfway down, the librarian walks up to the center of the large tree, looks up. Dearie, watch your step. I hate to have to clean up newly aged... Is that wine? Yep. Stay away from the stacks on your way down. Oh, okay. Alright, I won't harm anything. And as you get out, you know what? Oh, yeah. I'll meet you here. And she goes and gets the guard, and the guard comes and helps you. What was her name? Kite. Kite comes and helps you. Oh, the one that stopped us? Yeah. Hey! Uh-huh. We found him, by the way. What did he say? Oh! Not good things. Um... Are you going to be attacked? You're going to instill panic. No, I don't think he said attack in those words exactly. He just was skeptical the festival was going to happen. What do you mean the festival's not happening? Uh, well, he said... Do I need to pull my guards? Oh, no. Uh... Is there... Okay, hold on. Let me phrase it this way. Do you have a jail here in this city? Leonidas is the jail. The last summer's light. You were in jail. I have the records. Okay. Oh, yeah, you're right. Listen, forget about those, first of all. Second of all... I have to. Forget about them? Forgive you for your crimes against the city thief. What? You're not sounding... You're not sounding... Why do you think I stopped you when you were walking around in the middle of the night? Listen, I did the time, okay? Quite literally, I did the time. And where did you get those barrels? From jail. That's what I thought. They're jail barrels. No, let's focus on what's important. Are we in danger? Someone will escape from jail, and there won't be a festival. That's all I know. Well, hold on. You know you're telling me that as you leave jail, that someone will escape from jail. You're one of two people who went to the jail today. Well, there's plenty of people in jail. And I didn't go to jail for a crime. I went to jail to age my alcohol. That's what this is? Can I try it? Oh, shit. All right, are you a beer person or a wine person? Beer. All right, you can have a sample. I pour it in my half glass. What's it called? Harvest Day IBA. Seriously? Yes. You're telling me the Harvest Festival isn't happening, you're feeding me Harvest... Get... go back to your rooms. Geez. Good luck carrying it yourself. Damn it! Can't they carol, too? Cast some wine? Very slowly. He has to roll one of them. As it gets down, he's just pushing the barrel, and it kind of... It's a little warm, but you're going to need to buy a new barrel tomorrow, probably. Listen, man. It costs less than a gold. I just heard from, you know, through the grapevine that someone's going to escape, and it won't be a festival. Who knows if that's real or not? Don't let it keep you up at night. It won't keep me up. And I start rolling my barrel. And everyone goes to sleep. Finn falls asleep. In jail. This man's dead. He's going to age at the moment. The rest of you wake up in your rooms and walk outside to sound the festivities and a crowd cheering. And two barrels. A glass etcher. Glass etcher? Shroom top it is. Glass etcher. All right. We're ending this at 11. It's currently 10, so we're going to get through tonight. We're going to get through today pretty quickly so we can get to tomorrow, so we can get to the part where we need to get to. All right. I'm done with my shenanigans. Glass etcher. Let's fast forward it. What do you got? You doing anything? I wake up earlier than Finn, and I want to do the sarin before breakfast. Okay. Okay. You slept in jail. I don't have anything in particular. Okay. I would like to call out my little bards in training. Okay. Investigators to try to collect some information on the Queen of Thorns and ors summer and report back. There's a deal about... We're talking about tomorrow? It's in the establishment. I'm going to need you to look up those rules. Okay. We're talking about tomorrow? Yeah, tomorrow. I'd like to leave a note for bars because I'm going to try and get to those... I'm going to leave a note for bars. I'm going to leave a note for bars. I'm going to leave a note for bars because I'm going to try and get to those sisters before dawn. Okay. You leave a note for bars. I'm going to leave a note for bars saying that Rindalding is going to escape from the jailer. Okay. You guys know who that is? Yeah. Okay. Then I'll make my way to Cloud City and back. Okay. We're doing you, Sprocket. You're done with your sassinades. All I do is I wake up and I do my... Your ritual? My ritual. Okay. It's a ritual. Stop this book from decaying. Edge the glass. Edge the glass. You head out towards Shroom Top. When you get to Shroom Top itself, you notice why it's named Shroom Top. You've seen buildings like this before. All of the small hills that are hobbit holes have little shrooms, mushrooms on the top. It reminds you of the green tides of St. Ashbury. I was going to say... Why? Yeah. As you get... Oh. Can we have a pitalis alarm? I want to commune with nature. I want to commune with nature. Okay. Commune with nature. What do you do? Hey, man. As you... Hold on. Is it a ritual? No, it's a spell. Okay. I'm going to sleep real quick. Sorry. Okay. Yeah. I commune with nature. Hey, man. Hey. Wait. No, that's not the voice. Is it a 10-minute casting spell? It's the one-minute casting spell. Okay. You sit there and you begin to breathe and let wind flow through you and let your feet sink into the ground. It forces you down into more of a crisscross applesauce scenario. When you land and you look out at the hilltops themselves, you're greeted with a... Yo. What's up? Hey, man. It's been a while. How are you? It's been a time, hasn't it? Yeah. I'm good. I'm good. It's been quiet. Yeah. Really? Yeah. I kind of miss the feeling of wind through my hair. So it hasn't been windy? Yeah, not since that big mountain drop was dropping on me. Yeah, like six months ago. It's cool. We've gotten to know each other. We're friends now. Sorry about that. How are you friends? Sounds great. Yeah, yeah. I got this like storm peak. Hey, that's cool, man. Yeah, it's a thing. Listen, I'm looking for caves and other natural underground settings. Oh, no way. Yeah. Really? How can you tell me about that? Oh, shit. They're like right on top of that. That's what I figured. There's a whole thing. You know, gnomes, man. They just can't stay happy on the surface. They just got to keep digging. They're not nearly as bad as dwarfs, but man, just enjoy the sun. So there's shit-tongued caves right under you right now? All over the place. They're all over the place. It's so busy down there. They run to and fro and to and fro. That's weird, man. Yeah. Okay. Do you have another question or something for me? I have so many questions. I have so many questions. I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Okay. Do you have another question or something for me? I have so many questions. You get three. Yeah, so I get to know powerful celestials, cave things, elementals, or undead. Oh, shit. Yeah. Yes, please. Yes, please. In 300 feet. 300 feet? 300 feet. You're doing this in Shroomtop? Yeah. All right, here's the deal. There's been quite the movement here late. We had a couple of pretty powerful fey come through here. Yeah, I figured. You know, for the first time in forever, that whole flying lion man. Oh, Griffin? No, not the griffins. Oh, Leonidas. Yeah, that's the guy. Lion dude. You see the lion? He came to Shroomtop? No, I felt it. It's like a giant lion. It's like a giant lion. It's like a giant lion. It's like a giant lion. It's like a giant lion. It's like a giant lion. It's like a giant lion. It's like a giant lion. It's like not a thing. You felt him? Yeah, he's been around or something. What does that mean? I don't know, but he's like leaving. Oh, yeah. Okay, my friends went to visit him last night. I guess I'll have to ask them about that. Well, if you see them, don't forget to mention the fact they're like fiends. Okay. Not so much the fiends, but the celestials. I've never really felt that many celestials come by here, but there's like a lot of them down below Windmill Willow. Okay, I will for sure let people know. There's gotta be like 200 celestials there. Shit, that's crazy. Yeah, they didn't invite me to their party. You know, I would have invited you. What the hell? Just while we're friends. Okay, last. Well, I guess it says, okay, it says I get knowledge and then it says I get three facts. So do I get two more or one more? One fact remains, but that one's for free. Okay, cool. I want to know influence from other things that exist. Oh, shit. Yeah. Okay, get this. There was this tree, right? Yeah. That was around here? Yeah. That opened up? Yeah. Came from like another aisle? Oh, that was me. Were you the second time or the first time? I was one of the times. Shit, okay. So there was not a time. How long did you open the door? Like six seconds. Oh, okay, no, so that's gotta be the second time. First one was real quick. So there was another one. Oh, yeah. Okay. Oh, yeah. It was kind of, I don't know, like a five minute walk. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. It's kind of, I don't know, moldy. Okay. But it checks out. How long did it open for? Man, I don't know. I just kind of like felt like dead. Okay, well that's lovely. Um. Bro, we should leave. Okay. Take our hard-earned wine elsewhere. Well, this has been lovely. It's always good talking to you. Always. Always. For real. Yeah. Hey. Good luck, like, communing with nature again. Thanks, man. Tell them about the dispensary. Oh, by the way. What's up? I just wanted to let you know that I did a junipero. You feel that? So that's me. Oh, shit. Okay. Yeah. That's where that was coming from. Yeah, that's me. Oh, man. Say hi to my cousin over there. Your cousin? Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to go get some wine. Okay. I'm going to go get some wine. Okay. I'm going to go get some wine. Okay. I'm going to go get some wine. Okay. I'm going to go get some wine. Okay. I'm going to go get some wine. Okay. I'm going to go get some wine. Okay. I'm going to go get some wine. Okay. I'm going to go get some wine. Okay. I'm going to go get some wine. Okay. I'm going to go get some wine. Okay. I'm going to go get some wine. Okay. I'm going to go get some wine. Okay. I'm going to go get some wine. Okay. I'm going to go get some wine. Okay. I'm going to go get some wine. Okay. I'm going to go get some wine. Okay. I'm going to go get some wine. Okay. I'm going to go get some wine. Okay. I'm going to go get some wine. Okay. I'm going to go get some wine. Okay. I'm going to go get some wine. Okay. I'm going to go get some wine. Okay. I'm going to go get some wine. Okay. I'm going to go get some wine. Okay. I'm going to go get some wine. Okay. I'm going to go get some wine. Okay. I'm going to go get some wine. Okay. I'm going to go get some wine. Okay. I'm going to go get some wine. Okay. I'm going to go get some wine. Yeah, well then why not? This seems like a fun way to spend some adventure. So I get setting the DC, I think, is your job maybe? Sure. What's the river? Well, I'm just collecting general info to fill out this song. Yeah, it's me. Okay. Ideally on summer. Barring that, I just kind of like to hear about the Queen of Thorns. What I can find out about her, what she appreciates. Sure. Right. You get, okay, so you get a root. Well, go ahead and roll. Okay. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. I'm going to roll. And you get a rumor that the Queen of Thorns absolutely loves the color red. That doesn't sound right. Okay. Interesting. Well, I don't think I can use any of that, but 200 Gold Well Stacks. You should talk to Brigitte when you're in the same room. All right. We're back at Shrimp Top. You communed with nature. You come across a contingent of... There goes my show money. Well, you have another night to play, I guess. Let me get to that outline. It's sweet, sweet, sweet. Okay. You come across and outside one of the shops that kind of reads, Green Farms. I'm plugged on. Oh, okay. Got it. Green Farms as this gnome whose drab is carried underneath both hands are on the heads of his two teenage children. One of them's name is Kima and the other one's name is Francois. Okay. And the two are kind of leading him and they go, ah, Dad, come on. We got to make sure we get you over to the distal or over to the brewery. I'm so sick and tired of doing this every day. Why, why, Dad? Why did you eat it as you walk by? Do you need a hand? Um... Oh, you're tall. Yes, of course. Can you just make sure he gets into one of the... They point over to one of the hilltops that has a large red door that looks to be made of hay. Yeah, I'd love to help. Mommy, I need a... I have a question if you wouldn't mind. I need to find a glass etcher. A glass etcher? Yeah. Francois? No, no, no, I can't do it. You can probably go down the street. Yeah. There's an alchemy station over there. Someone's got to be making the flasks. Okay. Thanks. What's your name? I'm Brigitte. Francois. It's nice to meet you. Nice to meet you too. Huh? No... This is our dad. His name is Hiddleston. Hi, Hiddleston. Oh! He's recently... He's fallen ill. He's very ill. But... And... And dad... And he doesn't react. How recently? He's still alive. Uh... It's been about two years. Oh, man. I'm really sorry to hear that. Oh, God. It's really hard, but we're making do. Okay. Well, you know, I'm happy to learn with you. I'm glad to be here. Good, good. Well, if you end up at the festival tomorrow... Yeah. Just keep a lookout. We're going to be the green ale. Okay. I'd actually... Well, this sounds like pandering. Which is not my best thing. But, my friends and I are kind of learning how to make beer and if you have any advice... Is that what the glass etching is for? Yeah, it is. Oh, shit. Really? The competition! Wow, great. We're small, we're just getting started up. We've got like 10 samples. Oh, you have 10 samples? Yeah, it's like nothing. Oh, that is like nothing. Yeah. Well, what's the best one? Have you tried it already? I haven't, but you know, I've heard good things. You got like a good name for it? Uh, yeah, I do. Can I insight check them to see if they're gonna steal the news? Sure, insight check them. Oh, good call. Good call. Good call. Oh, natural 20! Woo! Uh, Francois is kind of looking and he looks a little shifty, like, what's the, like, what's the, like, what's the, like, what's the, like, what's the, like, what's the, like, what's the, like, what's the, like, what's the, like, your name? Oh, it, it, you know, it's Shit Stain. Great! Yeah! Shit Stain, I love it. You gotta, you gotta enter that in the contest. That's gonna be a killer. There's a contest? Yeah, yeah, in the harvest contest. Oh! You know what, here, uh, do you, you throw any of the, any root in? Root? Yeah, for the yeast. Oh, I, you know, we're doing something with it. We did, we did, we did, we bought some yeast or something. Oh, okay. Yeah, you should like time, use time instead of, instead of, uh, instead of root. Oh, we put time in it. We put time in it. You put a lot of time in it. Oh, okay. Well, you know, like, uh, we got root here grows in Shrimp Top, pops that baby right up. Really? Yeah, it's like, yeah, it takes like a day to age it. Cool! That's awesome. Yeah, it's great. I could sell you some, uh, if you need it. And we also have, like, pre-edged glass, but we don't have any that say Shit Stain. Yeah, I mean, I'm gonna have to get that custom made, so that's no problem, but I'd love, you know, I'd love to take a look at your room. I've got to see them, the look on their face when you add Shit Stain in that bottle. Yeah. Oh my God. Don't you dare, Liz. You know, I'm sure you're busy. You don't want to waste your time. No, no, you're helping us. This is like half our day is getting Dad into the shop. Once he's there, it just takes over. I don't know what it is about being drab, but, uh, he just does what he did yesterday and that's what he did the day before and that's make beer. Wait, his dad's a drab? Yeah. Restore that man. Heal his ass. Great, restore him. I actually have it prepared today. Yeah, you do. I hope this guy was shifty though. Fix this man. His teenage son, the daughter of a fireman. Uh, he's the legendary brewer. You know what, can I? Of all the NPCs Kyle has paid attention to, the legendary brewers. How did you recognize that? That's stupid. Rockets read three books in this campaign. I'm feeling that one of my friends is really going to want to meet your dad. Can I try to heal him? What are you just going to, can you just do that? Kind of. He's been sick for two years. Yeah, I know. It's not going to hurt, right? Listen, um, you're cool and all and I think your name is really cool and rad, but like. I just do it anyway. You just walk up and. It's just much. Okay. Um, what level do you cast Greater Restoration at? I've done it before on Nocturnus. It's your high level. He was not a drab. Uh, yeah. Well, six is my highest level. I don't know. No, so I don't. Cast it fifth level. You walk over and you cast it and it looks like for not even a millisecond. The film on his eyes used to fade and then return. Well, we know it's the right idea. The teenage son looks at you and his mouth is just wide open. Well, so if she. What? I got a six level slot left. I can't do Greater Restoration. I can do heal, but that's the one. You can up cast, well can't you up cast Greater Restoration? Oh yeah, maybe you can't. It doesn't say so in D&D Beyond. It doesn't do anything in D&D Beyond. Yeah, it doesn't have cast. You could if you wanted to. You can always up cast a spell. You can spend a higher level spell slot to cast it. I'll burn my six level spell. Sure. Six level. It still might not work for Westward, but. Okay. He looks at you and his mouth is just slashed out. Are you? And you go over and you cast it a second time. When you cast it a second time, it looks like for maybe 10 seconds. The eyes un-glaze as he looks on his two children and just a huge smile is on his face. And he reaches out and he says, I know what you've been doing. Thank you so much. I'm so. And he goes drab. Shit, this is worse. Because now I have like a sign of a glimmer of hope. We made it worse. Uh, France Wallace is looking at you and you can just have the route. Can you come back tomorrow? I. Can you come back? It's only going to be for 10 seconds. Yeah, but it's 10 seconds. He's back for 10 seconds. I think I can come back tomorrow. Yeah. Thank you. Um, I'll try. Okay. I'm going to try to figure it out. How many times can you do that? Once a day. I'm sorry. He looks at Kima. You can't tell anyone. They have to know. I did. Look. She can restore them for 10 seconds. My whole team is working on this and I am lying right now. Okay. My whole team is working on this. We're looking for a cure. I promise if we find anything I'm going to come back. What do you mean? If I. Okay, roll deception. If I murdered him and then reincarnated him into a new body. That's a great question. I've always wanted to know that. Literally for years I've wanted to know that. Uh, 18. That's the rough. They believe you. Sweet. You're just going to shut. What do you need? What can we do? Apputation doctor version. You're doing my care. You're doing my care. You're doing my care. You're doing my care. You're doing my care. You're doing my care. You're doing my care. You're doing my care. You're doing my care. You're doing my care. You're doing my care. You're doing my care. You're doing my care. You're doing my care. You're doing my care. You're doing my care. You're doing my care. You're doing my care. You're doing my care. You're doing my care. You're doing my care. You're doing my care. You're doing my care. You're doing my care. I just don't want you to steal our good names. A rock no book. That's me. I'm a rock no. Are there other comics? Oh, these are forced. If you have any name that you want. If you know the name of our beer. It's called the Big Shroom. That's a lovely name. And then we have different varieties. It's called the Red Feckled. See, I can't take that. It's called Churr-Faced. So that's not the one. Oh, okay. Well, we would change the name. No, I don't want to take your label. That doesn't make sense. Thank you. Yeah. It's the least I can do. You know, we got this. Why don't you go over and just tell him that we sent you. Okay. And he reaches into his pocket and hands you just a big bushel of dried root. I'm sorry, I couldn't do more. You did everything. Okay. We'll see you tomorrow, right? I'll try and make it back tomorrow. Thanks. Yeah. And they hand you the root. Okay. Okay. You head over to the glassblower shop. The glassblower shop says, Hey, welcome. And you are managed to get your stuff. And as soon as they say, the green set you. Yeah. Is that? There's. And she points over at your bushel that you have still kind of held in your hand. Did I give you that? Yeah. All right. That's on the house. What do you need? I need these etched. Done. Okay. Etched with what? Five are going to say. Right? Five? Yep. Five. Harvest day. I. All right. So all of them need to say the distillery. And I want it to look like kind of flowing and pretty. And then underneath, I want five to say. Like this. And she holds up a minor illusion of what you're saying as you're saying it. Yeah. And then I want five to say, harvest day, IPA and six to say. So. I can't talk to you right now, man. But you have. I'm telling you how many we have. You have all the bottles with you. You only have ten bottles. No, we have five beers and four wines because we have six beers and five wines. We open a wine. I don't know you drink any though. But you have the bottles. I'm telling you what you have. You had the casts. I have the bottles. Oh, I assume we had filled the bottles already. You're right. Take your point of inspiration. Because you guys are sleeping and I walked away. Oh, I thought we already filled the bottles. That's a continuity inspiration. That's my second inspiration. You already have one. You have to get it. I know. Fuck. Anyway, she just granted that to me and then collected the sack. She expertly does this in your before your very eyes and manages to like a someone who blows on like a jug in order to create redneck music. And blows into it and with her with her voice itself, it seems to create this image on the inside of the glass. Great. Thank you so much. This looks wonderful. Thank you. Thank you. I have a. Nothing. Are you sure? Those troubled teens have been all over the town and if they've given you that and send you with their blessing, that's enough. Okay. Whatever you did. Yeah, you too. I really appreciate those. Have a good one. Okay. Back to the end. To the end. Okay. Are we finishing up the day? Well, Brigitte's got to come back. When I hear from somebody, he didn't come back this morning. He left you know, he went to Cloud City, right? Yeah, he left me a note. I want to spend. I can literally do this even like sitting at the bar anywhere else. I want to do my minute in concentration and I want to know if there are. I think I've only got it for themes and undead. Pushing for themes or undead? Pushing for themes or undead? Yeah, themes and undead within five miles. It's both? Yes. Oh, you get a ping on undead. A big ping. There's a field of ping of undead. Shallow graves. You'd know it anywhere. In the city? Just outside. Just outside? Within the five mile radius. Okay. Oh, hell yeah. I didn't know I was going to get to use this farm. Well. Oh wait, is that where we were going to collect those flowers? You're going to go with it? Yeah. Go with it. All right. We got two for visiting the. How does it look from the sky? From the sky? West from field looks like this from the sky. Ew. I'm going to turn around. Why do you have to give me all the sad adventures? I'm sorry. You healed the drab. That's. I know. They're like super dementia. Are we flying out on your Pegasus to get to the moon? Yeah. You'll ride out and there's murders and murders and murders of crows. We don't want to get around that. They look like stair crows from the sky. They probably set off with their senses. They're spiced senses. They're tangling. They're not moving? They ain't fiends. I tell you that. No fiends of mine. That's the name of the session. They ain't no fiends of mine. Also I need the name from the last session because I forgot to add it. Actually if I were to name it, I would call it the day last summer's light. We had a name for last session I think. We'll accomplish. I think it was the distillery if not. Oh that's perfect. All right. You guys are in the sky. You can see that there are numerous crows and they're setting off your spider senses. Randall remembers some things from earlier. Are we supposed to pick up some corpse flowers from this place? Yep. You know this name from the sky and you go, I was supposed to pick up some corpse flowers from this place. West Run Field. This is creepy as fuck. Yeah. Why'd you want to come here? Well, as a rule, it's real bad when I sense that there's undead around. Yeah. Why'd you want to come here? To not get surprised by an undead coming and eating our faces while we sleep. Do you want to get closer to these undead? Is that the goal? Varus is a doomsday prepper. You two are serious. How far can you fall safely? Varus just backs off the pegasus and hovers in midair. What? Oh yeah. I forgot about this. God damn it. What the fuck? Varus has the most OP item of all of us right now. I might have the most OP item. What does it do? I have a fly and hover speed. Well, a fly speed of 35. But I can hover too. Got it. And I can cast some spells through it. Alright, this scene that you see, there is a figure in the crowd. However, it is accompanied by a small, not a small, a dog about the same size as the figure in the mist beneath you as you are hovering above. They do not pay any mind to the things above them as they are focused on the ground itself. It seems to grow these large, elaborate blue and red inlaid flowers, this kind of lilac looking flower. Is it Cuma and Phineas? Oh, Francois. Francois, thank you. I'm going to, I want to see what's up. Alright, I'll be messaging you from here. Just let me know if you need reincarnation. Should I take the flesh now? You land? Yeah. Are you going to land in their field of view or are you going to land outside their field of view? I'm going to land out away from them a little bit and approach cautiously. Okay. You going to roll stealth with this or are you just going to take your passive, whatever your stealth plus 10? Stealth is like the one thing I'm stupidly good at. I'm going to cast for this. Oh, I'm casting Pass Without Trace. Okay, you're going to get close enough to like hear what they're doing before you get it? Yeah. Pop in on it? Sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I want to sneak, sneak in. Apples and bananas. That's going to be absurd. Like a 40? Nine, 38. You land and as you're landing, you don't even, you seem to fade into mist as the mist around you seems to almost become dense and translucent, but not translucent for what's within this cube around you, but almost like a fucking invisibility cloak that are those real life ones that have the cameras in front and the mirrors. Anyway, you land and blend into the corpses around you. There is the sound of panting as a little girl is carrying a pail of flowers. And she's singing a song. She walks over to one of the clearly zombified remains of somebody posted up like a scarecrow. Thank you, aunt. Thank you, uncle. Thank you, grandpa, grandma. She's singing out. Can I roll insight to try to figure out if she's just weird or if this is like legitimately family? Sure. Go ahead and roll. That's so fucking creepy. That is super creepy, dude. Total of 20. 20? She's 100% genuine in what she says. I would like to sneak out kind of in the direction she's going. Okay. And then let the spell fade. Okay. And just stay there. It takes a solid six seconds. And let her find me eventually. And wait as she gets a little sidetracked as she runs over and just, oh, thank you, brother, and runs back onto the deal. Balto? What's it? What is it, boy? Is there someone here? Go get him. Woo! This gigantic husky kind of dog kind of comes pounding down the trail and lands in front of you. And it was one of those things where it's got kind of the zoomies and tries to stop in the ground, but it can't. So it's just kind of in front of you and kind of rides itself. Woo! Woo! Oh, Balto, is it? Oh, hello. Welcome to West Run Farms. My name is Iris West Run. I pick flowers for the market. This is Balto. He's safe and cool. What's with all the zombies? Rude. You also have the acrism. I do. Well, I'm Iris West Run, and that was Barnabas West Run, and that was Silvis West Run, and that was Snipe West Run, and my brother back there, he was West West Run. I'm running out of names. Do you need help? Do you need to get out of here? I'm fine. I'm just picking flowers for the festival tomorrow. We're going to win. The first one, you know. Like this? Well, it wasn't one of these beforehand. It was, well, at first it was a big bouquet of flowers, of summer flowers, but they stopped growing after my great-great-great-grandpa tried to show up with the same bouquet of flowers the next year. Then he grew with the soil, and so then he, yeah. So now we have to grow it here with them. I'll join them. That's my spot. And she points off into it, one that doesn't have a scarecrow in it yet. I'm going to make sure Balto is buried beneath me, so he doesn't leave me. Hey, Varys, are you going to fight that dog? I see a big dog. Are you messaging me? Yes. It's like rolling around on the ground in front of me. It seems nice. I wouldn't hurt it if I were him. This is so weird. Everything about this, in my head I'm saying to you, everything about this is fucked out beyond all belief. Alright, you need an evacuation? I can get out if I have to. Alright. I could use somebody who could talk to a kid now. Oh. Dude. The bitch, that's not... Oh my god. Alright, I'm heading down. That was the most... That was the most... That was perfect. Well played. As the clipclop improves, that little weenie as the pegasus descends from the sky above, she looks... What? Take a bow. Oh my gosh, oh my goodness, oh my goodness, oh my god. Wait, I know this song. Are you the pegasus writer? Oh yeah, that's me. Oh my goodness. Oh wait, are you famous too? Not yet. Okay, he might be. There's a story I have coming up. I heard it on the wind. It didn't sound good, but I relevant words. Yeah? Yeah. Where'd you hear it? It blew in from the west. Blew in from the west? Yeah, it was bagpipes. Okay. Do you remember the name of the bar, Clay? Uh... That's alright. I didn't even see her. That's alright. So, you collect flowers. Yeah, you wanna see them? It holds up the blue and red. It's kind of like this deep azure blue on the outside, on the inside it's this blood red flower. Kind of that orchid, lily, what did I call it in the beginning? Lilac kind of type of flower. It has this long fronds in the center of it that are stark red. Can I sense anything special about this? Yeah. What, are you looking for like an arcana, or are you looking for more of a nature? I'm looking for an arcana. Arcana? Yeah, we're all arcana. Alright. Eight plus six. These flowers are unnaturally grown. Unnaturally grown. I guess I can tell by looking around at these scarecrows. Yeah, they give you the heebie-jeebies. Right, okay. From a nape, from a magical sense. Gotcha. Alright, somebody taking care of you out here? Are you out here by yourself? No, I got both, no. Gotcha, okay, cool. And you guys just live here alone? Yeah. Got it. So you collect these flowers, you sell them I assume. How much for a flower? One silver piece. Oh, I'll take a basket. Like this basket? Yeah, like a whole basket. Balto! Let me save you a trip to the market. Go get another basket, boy. He runs off. Here you go. That would be 17 silver pieces. Alright, 17 silver pieces. Here's 20. Really? Yeah, that's right. Thanks. What do people generally use these for? Who buys them? You know, all kinds of people. Here recently, it's been this really nice man. He's come by, he always gives me a whole gold. For like not even too many flowers, like maybe six. For six flowers? Yeah, he holds them in his hand. One for each finger. Oh! Fun kidding. That was such a good reveal! That was. You weren't doing it. You're too good at this. It writes itself. I thought it was like two seconds theory. I thought he was going to get away with it too. Bryce, do you know what flower enthusiast is? Is that what you're trying to tell me? I know a guy that would need six flowers. One for each finger. That seems like a weird request. You have 17 fingers? No. I got 10. I also have 10. And you paid me 20! I wish Balto were here to hear this joke. Wait, Balto? The dog. Is he not right here? No, he went off to get another basti. He'll be back in a minute or two. Yeah, that's right. My notes. When? I'm so good. I can imagine. When does... Has the six-fingered man been by today? No, no, but he's supposed to be back in... two weeks? He was here three weeks ago. No, no, no. I can do math. He'll be back in two weeks and he was here four weeks ago. Six weeks! Hmm. Yeah. I'm gonna give her a bag. A little purse that's got 50 gold in it and say, I'm buying all of your stock for as long as it takes. He doesn't get any. Oh. Thanks, mister! Do you want me to put them someplace? Yes. Send them to... What's Arryn's name? The traveling pony? Yeah, send them to the traveling pony for now. And I will be back. I may not be here for the next few days. I may only be in town for another day or two, but I will be back. Okay. Thank you. Good luck at the harvest festival. She rushes over to one of the scarecrows and picks one first. Here, this is your first one. Thank you. 54 pieces! She runs back off towards the dog. Balto! Balto, you don't have to bring the basket yet! Do you want to take a look at these scarecrows while you're here? Also, did you need to show me up? Was that important to you? Whatever the six-fingered man is doing with these... You just bought 500 flowers. Good job. From a zombie. Whatever the six-fingered man is doing with these is not a good thing. And if I can throw a little money around to take away some of the supplies, I'm allowed to do it. I had nothing to do with showing you up. You want flowers? You are welcome to them. Did she say what they were called? I'm going to breed so many flowers in my hair. Hot damn. Did she say they were called... What she said they were called? I heard they were corvus flowers, but did she mention what they were? Only Lorelai told you what they were. Oh, got it. Also, you know that she owns this estate. Right. Okay. So Lorelai owns a zombie farm. We need to have a tea meeting. Your friend owns this place, you said? Oh, yeah. Well, yeah. My employee. Your employee? Yep. By the way, this is like the landscape as you walk by. Not that either of you would necessarily recognize where this leads to, but I think Finn would. Couple of ruins, stone towers. Those are pretty common, or do I look at that and I'm like, oh, that's interesting. That is a remarkable set of architecture. Reminiscent of something older. I can't remember being brand with me on these things, so I can draw these things down. I don't know. I'm never going to be able to describe this appropriately. Okay. Yeah, I want to go... I want to go investigate one of the zombies. Okay. See if I can figure out about it. Okay. If I can figure anything out. Sure. Sure, sure, sure. You walk up and there's a gravestone at this one in particular. Did I say Barnabas? Yeah. This is Barnabas' West Room and his dog spa. Do all the scarecrows have dogs? You go to the next one. This was, I wanted to say Sylvan series, something like that. West Room and her dog Lucky. Are the dogs also zombies? Are they also undead? He only gets a pain from the humans, not the dogs. There's nothing buried that's undead. Right? Yeah. Oh wait, these aren't buried. Okay, okay. They're up like scarecrows. And the flowers are growing through them. Their bodies. But the dog is buried? The dogs are buried beneath them. Let's fuck up. Do you go towards this monolith or do you guys leave? I kind of want to check out the monolith. It looks less creepy than the scarecrows. At this point... Chokes on me. I agree. The em shut off his screen, so... We probably made a terrible choice. Robin Hood. This one, as you go towards this monolith, it does not have a undead in it. Okay. Instead it has a, in this monolith, I don't know how to... Mausoleum, that's the word I'm thinking of. In this mausoleum there is a name on it that says Jessup West Room and Winklebob. Winklebob's got to be the dog. Jessup West Room. And Winklebob. Great. And it has a Jester's hat over the name. It might have been somebody more in your line of work. A Jester's hat? I mean, fair. I don't know. I'm not going to... Unless it's open, I'm not going to... I will stand outside for a minute or so and see if I feel any undead inside it. Sure. The only undead you can see are the nearby scarecrows that are up. So Jessup West Room isn't a name we should know. Jessup West Room, no. But the tomb is bigger and more... Name that hears you. Is that her grandfather? Is that what she said? She did say her great-great-great-grandfather messed up. I'm going to give this shot and legend lore for Jessup West Room. Yes. Always bring the barn. Fuck yes. Thank you. All right. So Winklebob, or as he used to be known, is a man who's been in the bar since the beginning. He's a man who's been in the bar since the beginning. He's been in the bar since the beginning. He's been in the bar since the beginning. He's been in the bar since the beginning. Or as he used to be known, Jessup West Room used to be the head of household for the West Room field. However, when he won the second harvest contest with a bouquet of flowers and attempted to use the soil he gained to expand his family's new farmhouse, he was transformed into a courtee to serve the Queen for all time as her footstool. His family is now a shell of its former self and serves the Clary estate. Their field is sterile. However, a beautiful bouquet of flowers blooms atop the graves of any planted in their field. All right. Wait, wait, wait. What was the mess up again at the beginning? That he used the... So they won the first harvest contest. And he used the winnings from the harvest festival the first year to re-enter and win the second year. And when he did that, he cheated and she punished him. And thus Winklebottom will always be the name of Jessup West Room, the courtee who still serves at the Queen's footstool today. Oh. That might explain why that dog seemed to be a little bit more intelligent than your average dog. That might be... Well, at least not... That's not a clue now because, you know, like some of them are dogs. All right. Huh? Well, you've been to West Room. Check that one out, Phyllis. You guys have gone to a lot of places that I... But not the places that I thought would happen other than Leonidas. What, you thought we were going to Leonidas? Oh, I knew you were going by Leonidas. Well, all right. So it's 1053. We're going to speed our way through Finn in Clouds and Storm Peaks. The two of you, I guess, return. Yeah, because I need to get this... I need to hand this sword off to the blacksmith at some point. Sure. Yeah, you go ahead by the blacksmith and you're able to find one. It is a human. She is about 40 years of age. She's got blonde hair that seems to be singed on one side. She agrees to turn it into... A circlet. It's a perfectly good sword. Yeah, but I don't like to stab things. It's not my jam. You're just kind of looking for some light? Yeah. Sure. Can I keep the handle? For sure, yeah. Okay. For a discount? Oh, yeah. Phyllis, yeah, yeah, yeah. Five gold. Oh, no problem. Phyllis? Um, you didn't introduce me to that elf last night, but I assume you did. Oh, the elf? Yeah. Yeah. Sure. If not, then we'll not get back. And then we go to a sea thing. Okay. Alright. Wait, now I go. We're good, yeah. You don't? I don't need to go to sea thing. Okay. But I will introduce you to that elf. You will meet the birch cloaked elf in a second. Finn, you've been waiting very patiently. Finn, Finn, Finn. Finn, Finn, Finn. No, Storm Peaks. Okay. So I enter the city. I... at farmers daughters look home over on your right over they might be uh... they're talking about how their the on the way over to talk about how businesses slow and that they're glad to finally have a reason to be out protection some again not that you uh... uh... uh... when i enter storm first off uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... what library paradise is the reason uh... repair uh... your your wing of the operation thanks to your generous donations in those of your friends we have created more than one your area bookshelf my own way okay i'll check out the book in there are all matters shapes of uh... books on zillion this is a research in here uh... it's not see the drag was it or working for cardamom okay it's a bunch of books about all of those who are and also a few more humor uh... there's a lot there's something about uh... it's just as the title is he's walking from the few there's another one there's another one that's father of abominations there's another one of uh... elemental chaos and elder evils okay how much time do i have six hours so first thing i want to find since this is the bookshelf all about cardamom the end of the last cardamom and the creation of the zodiacs and i would also like to find a an old map to try and pinpoint maybe where the zodiacs are or not the zodiacs sorry the yellow z word the zeniths the ziniths you do not find information on on their locations other than the one that that's uh... for scene the one directly about my two uh... that looks there was one i guess in my as you find some in the old city of the human city where the name human comes from uh... that fell when it was annihilated by some kind of device that is now t-rex will get you search as well for the origin of this uh... yes and realize quickly the zodiacs been around as they are how you told time all of these books that go back as far as you possibly see there is no origin have so should you and uh... the and urban you've seen on me awhile the books that the maps that Riley is made but down here that's Tickers looking for the previous heart see that big crater there yeah yeah oh and that was where the last location of the hardest scene that was yes recorded yes and the death scene for the the forcing here so here there I really want to forever when I get the house and I want to get the red string you like like a fucking conspiracy theorist you guys is in the other team you guys have gone all around renting offices are very permissive with drywall you think so you just put it up okay holes in the money apartment everywhere I know nice I will think like holes are easy to patch I put zero holes in the sparkles so far everything I've hung so far has been the sticky stuff you know the hearts that I have yeah drywall screws and then for every time I discovered like I asked because I had like a tour piece of drywall like off one edge and I had to fix it with some spackle and I asked the office I was like can you give me some paint and they're like yeah here's paint here's a paintbrush shit yeah okay well then I'll do that all right then okay I want to put it up there that's where I've always wanted to put it yeah so how much time per topic is it to do this research it depends on really what you're looking at you basically so far from the information you've gathered you probably spent about two hours before okay but I can I can probably check out some of these books right of course okay speaking of which you didn't check out no you did take a book with you you know there was a small tiefling girl who came by here looking to check that out the tales of mustard yeah mustard tales of Gideon and darling yeah yeah a girl came by a cute little tiefling girl with a teddy bear perhaps yes she spoke to it it's quite strange but she seemed to have a rapport with Hugh Clid so I went ahead and let her walk around like she owned the place but really all she wanted was that book I told her I would never tell you you what of course she asked why you didn't say it was a secret I don't know but that girl can be a little bit of trouble just as a warning the library didn't burn down when she visited so that's fair I might have had some scorn words for that elf you know she know there was a contingent of people selling things from beneath my stuff my shop she said that no I found it in the charred remains we traced the source of the fire there were a lot of bodies down there I hope that sounds very strange I know I was very sad to learn some had perished in the fire yes that was a tragedy I'm careful not to make sure it happens again I've shut the whole thing down the number of students have stopped visiting but it's worth it I guess hopefully they went there during the fire and they haven't missed any students so far except for kid Hawkins the dropout probably went off to go do something physical related the two books that caught my attention the elemental and the father of abominations I guess I'll start looking through the father of abominations and what's like this since I get father abominations or fears a do-in-the-chain-god madness is a god from a god of destruction from a petal of the petal of the roads that are destroyed he said to be the origin of mind flayers the elder brain through which they worship including ablutes and beholders is ablutes at the top of the food chain for this guy ablutes is something like it's sweat the holders are its dreams and mind flayers are it's blood fear is a do the chained god of madness also known as as she did you know that this book over here he walks beneath you is about the same god yes they call him he who walks below I don't know why I just use the name there's a do me such a better name he who walks below and then table contents short summary of what it was like chaos of the elementals you get the same kind of spiel about the four elemental seals how each one of them holds back if I were to put a CR to it about 26 to 30 elemental evil a Leviathan a tempest a great fire conflagration and something of a massive mountain sized earth element the corpse of which seems to be bail boom the large stone of Gibraltar son of a bitch that's what that is yep J fucking Tyler that was it's named in the other map okay let's say I invest my time to invest right I guess yes so that's another two hours and learning about the elementals okay what do you want to know well I guess I want to know the seals they just have to be broken and they become unleashed or it's mutually assured destruction all four seals must be broken at the same time at the same time does it say anything about the history of the creation of the seals all it says is that the harvest unit was closed at the destruction of Uma and with it the matter impact was made so that it would never be open to get yikes okay well the location of the pack was at the it was in the shadow of the zenith itself at the destruction of Uma in the shadow of the zenith itself okay and since we're fast forwarding for my remaining two hours I would like to go to the bank and just find out if they're part of the monocle and global trust they give you a ten return on your investment that you placed and thank you for presenting them with the connections with monitor itself as it has been both lucrative from a monetary perspective and also a military protection perspective they mentioned that a a the voice of what is it say voice of potential the voice of potential came to visit along with the voice of commerce and the two of them have were both greatly interested in their city and have sent the voice of protection in their direction I see as Finn totally understands that but Tyler and Connor need to talk about things back story so I understand it better sure what you're gonna do later okay they're like a Roman caucus so the final thing I would like to do make a quick visit by mr. Tux welcome to the rooster oh Finn he's gonna get you for money thank mr. Tux welcome welcome welcome yeah it's good to be here it looks like the casino is doing well looks like Cloud City or should I say storm peaks is recovering I have met so many more humans than I ever have before yeah and now I bet you're kind of glad we gave you that gold instead of electron huh who would have thought that the people of the ground would use such an earthy metal look we tried to tell you but I am kicking myself for not accepting your gold when you first arrived I'm sorry and thank you it's no problem we're just glad to have been able to help your city speaking of the group of us have actually started a little bit of venture that you might be interested in anything you are involved in I am very interested in Finn well that is great to hear so we have started brewing is it beer we've got beer we've got wine and you know with such an esteemed client as yourself we could perhaps branch into other areas these humans all ask for beer yes well you know it's something called alcohol yes it's very popular here on the earth I am procured some of this and provided as much as one of my esteemed guests would have asked for and they went stupid I've never met anyone gamble more than my life oh I mean so you know mr. Cox we we enjoyed your company greatly the roost was the finest hotel we say that in the sky bar none and even on the ground I sure I'm sure it is even more exquisite thank you we was such kind words fit we would absolutely love to enter into business with you and sell you our alcohol and yeah we look forward to the future business if that is acceptable to you that is more than acceptable um I've heard of this beer um a root beer a root beer yes it has been widely requested though they mentioned it comes from dwarves and the dwarves have not been kind enough to offer it do you know where to procure this root beer is your beer as good as this root beer an alternative you may suggest so we have not entered into the root beer sector however with your patronage we will certainly do all we can to please you excellent excellent well I look forward to our business arrangement yes we will send someone from the distillery to work out the details with you and bring you some samples location and name and brand well I have been looking to branch out if you need a tavern in your distillery please feel free to keep in mind the roost hotel and casino distillery edition we are franchising I love it microbreweries so the roost is looking for roots and branches if you if you ever would like if you ever would like a tour of the distillery and I'll show him on the map where we are located it's not even on the map oh it is brand new well I have to fly by we look forward to seeing you wouldn't can I expect you to be there I would I would love to visit everyone um well how is stall what to do it too soon it perhaps Nick's would enjoy speaking of Euclid's latest exploits I know the two of them got to know each other yeah you know we we split up for about six months to pursue our own our own business well I look forward to seeing what they have procured yours has been extremely useful and needed Finn yes well to be frank I haven't seen them in a while and I look forward to seeing what they've done as well well please stay at the hotel and on me of course our new business arrangement I would love to but I have to make it back to Windhaven where the harvest festival harvest so you should fly by if you've got the time it should be a great time well I would but I am a bit short-handed after we had to fire those twins but you know what I'll play a few games at the table if you have fired ones right I'll play a few games at the table before I leave absolutely sure I have the games will play them later okay yeah it's gonna cost him a chunk of gold take it or leave it a chunk of gold trunk a trunk what's gonna cost the franchise we enter when we enter the negotiation phase that's where you come in the negotiation excellent excellent excellent all right so you make your way back over the farmers daughters who are rearing to go they have their mammoths ready there look a little disappointed when you get there what you were not you hired us the whole caravan and we're just taking you that's fine it's fine now we're just gonna get there faster and then take off all right we get who are we have outstanding right static to meet you hello friend of your phone it was nice to meet you I'm speaking with I assume that you are your hair yes yes yes yes yes yes this is the name I was told I apologize of course I just it's been a roller coaster of a day you met my wife and she didn't mention why oh she didn't say anything of course yeah it's fine it's fine like Liz okay it is now back to her I was told you were going to give me a ride I thought you had spoken you seemed to be looking for me can I actually show up now yes that yeah that's fine awkward well of course I don't know where you're headed Brigitte Brigitte Sam that I was going not going to get a ride possible needs I assumed that you would at least consider taking him back with us when we leave oh sure yeah like later yes yes of course no I've never presumed to leave today as he kind of kicks his bag under the table yeah tell you what Sam come outside with me let's go for a walk I'm just gonna he said to any walks of the door that was a while yeah good luck with that real well guess what I think I can get you to the to the to the jury room yeah walk we shout and you walk down through the city city you go to the tree the tree you arrived at your way down as it's getting close to noon getting close to noon on your way down there's the cob of Griffin in the air as you walk down towards the tree you took to get here you walk over towards the large kind of let's go perch purchase a good good tree large birch tree that you arrived in birch is his color no no no the window that's of course yeah you're headed the window that's the one that for this area you walk over to it and make a small sacrifice of the blood of the first people place it on the thing and he watches an absolute amazement before I do that I say there's gonna be a little bit of a hole in this tree in a minute you step through you're in the growth fast forward it lost his father's exactly as you said it was amazing go go for it oh thank you thank you I just um just where do I go in he goes through the tree oh we're gonna play with that we rest in peace hoping that since you know he's got family there maybe he will be that's good question that'll be fun we'll find out okay we have the joust waiting all day for the house house the danger zone all right here we go this is gonna be a series of three d20 rolls if you do not have the d20s available I will provide them for you these are going to be all right your first and foremost is going to be your strength roll how's he gonna just not a weapon how does this work I'm gonna call this across his weapon not using the lance the Pegasus rider mounts up all right your eyes roll because we're running on time I want to get everybody out of here by 1130 your highest role is going to be your strength athletics roll all right your second highest role is going to be your defense which is gonna be your animal handling role and your third role you can substitute out so it's just gonna be kind of advantage but it's not really advantage okay so just take your got I roll them all at once yes okay I got a 15 and a say 12 and 18 so I got a 20 for my strength so I beat you on the strength so what was your set what was your animal handling 18 okay 15 plus 3 yeah 18 you had 18 in the way oh the first one was 6 and then I added 6 for athletics oh you had that one okay so you know that yeah so okay so you take eight points down points down like you started to do 20 so it drops to 13 uh-huh so I won that first bout let's go again I'll eventually be able to find a 20 on this dice there you go all right my topples are I get a 20 and 8 okay so 21 and 14 okay so you got 21 all right so your 21 beats my 20 that's out of the way and so your 21 beats my 8 by 4 by 12 so I go down to 8 what happens is you grab the lance with your gauntlets of strength and hold on to it as he keeps flying and he stabs himself with the hilt of the lance itself as he as there's a as he kind of spins out does a barrel roll and we Fox like star Fox 64 on the edge of the map flies back in for the second to the third pass oh shit this is not gonna be good I get a nat 20 so that's 25 I got a 15 and 6 so 25 minus 6 that takes you down 19 points oh then I'm gone okay Randall loses the bow give them your inspiration you can make me you can make me roll it this much okay so the other the other two were a 17 and an 18 but I'm just gonna I'm just gonna read a whole thing okay I got a 16 does that still beat you by one yes but by one okay so you lose 16 minus what 12 you lose four more points as he comes in and this time he sees that you're gonna grab it and he wobbles the jousting lance and it seems to wobble out of your hands and smack you on the side and he says haha this time I'll have you first me rockin that nat 20 alright well I cannot beat that 17 and 7 alright that's enough as it comes in and this time he doesn't aim for you instead aims for the horse yeah what up saps aims for the horse as there's a as it lands into the neck of the horse itself as you guys both begin to plumb down no when he lands it lands in it and there's a bout of clapping in the center of the room again okay no no is they kind of all kind of see that your Pegasus has a bit damage as you kind of look out at this and reaches down places the lance on the staff the lance in the ground reaches down with a gauntlet and hands to help you up as he helps you back up he says my name is Geiger K Geiger K you're an excellent jowster and as are you and for my first time I think I did pretty well I think you did as well that was your first time that's right I could tell next time you may want to bring the lads good point now I am sorry to meet you so publicly but I need to make sure that well if there was the tale of a Pegasus writer about oh yeah right that they tell the tale of a Griffin writer who beat him the tale of the Griffin writer who beat him ha ha ha as he kind of reaches out towards the crowd who all does not seem his praises all right I'll keep it in mind the Griffin writer first bout thank you I wish you the best of luck at the harvest festival contest unfortunately they don't allow bouts of violence is talent that's all right it seems like there's always use for violence around indeed yeah seek me out in the floating district of Monaghan should you wish to rematch absolutely good luck random of no last name stated I'm gonna I'm gonna presto myself and my horse just fix it all right everybody and there's turns around in one of the crowd members was he just they all clap as he rides off the car okay what a day like did he was I supposed to get him money he won he won some he won money but it was money that had been placed in as he puts back on his helmet he's got like shoulder length blonde hair as he puts that back on it seems like there's a jinkle of money that just kind of falls into his former as he puts it back on and just tops I'm trying to look cool okay well um new niche next time say new niche new niche we've we've learned what the other group has done we haven't learned the true consequences and we'll get there next