 Now, Sprocket, one day you're gonna find yourself surrounded by people who love you. And no matter how hard you push them away, they'll be right here besides me and your mother, right at your side. You can't outrun love, son. Now let's be off. We're late for dinner. Varus, the world's a dark place. It takes a level head, a steady aim, and an open heart to overcome the next horizon. You and I will see the light of day together, once again. Lop'tava, wild spirit of fire, have you come for your lessons or just a bite to eat on this blessed day? Come, take up your usual space and I will tell you a story of the zodiac. Dana, you've worked hard, and while you're nowhere near your full potential, I respect your mother's warrior spirit has overtaken your heart. Take this with you on your travels, and know that me, your mother, and all your kin protect you. Conquer your little wolverine, yeah, conquer. Don't, don't worry pal, I got your body. Nothing's gonna tear us apart. Nothing, you hear me? I'm gonna fix this, gonna have you right as rain we are. I don't care what it takes, Peregrine, just, just fix it. Fix it. Cry not, not Durnas, it is unbecoming of one of your station. One day soon you will avenge us. Your father's sister has always been jealous of our destiny. That bitch. The burden of our people are upon you, my son. Grow strong and bear it. May my love help you carry that weight. No, she will not find you on the surface. Starwark, come on, I won't be gone long. Besides, you're not that much younger than me. You'll get your turn to leave the nest soon, and when you do, you can find me at the Sunless Citadel. Hell, by the time you get there, I'll be running the place. I am so sorry, Nyx. We, we haven't much time left. Tomorrow marks your 18th year, and we cannot house you another day. The deal must be honored. One day, when you reunite with your sister, I hope you'll forgive us. There's money and food to last the week. I love you. I, I wish I could give you more. Gassival, this is the way of our people. The forest, it's an endless cycle of life feeding through death. One after another, we must cross to the shadows. But fear not, my child. We are the Royal Guard, and when those gates fall, when the kingdom is torn asunder, we'll have done our duty and spent our lives wisely. Today, we die. But so too will those usurpers. Well, well, well, if it isn't the best damned heroes I ever had the misfortune of letting aboard me ship. Welcome aboard the Thornberry Shade. We've got work to do if we're going to go and save the world. So, where to first? Spear Rocket! Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you for saving me. I thought I was done for when they killed Dr. Wells. I'm, I'm not strong now, but, but I'm gonna get better. One day, one day I'm gonna save you. Yeah, I think. Greetings, I am Kolima, the first curator of this petal. I'm glad you found the Rod of Sanctuary. Clearly you've seen the hieroglyphics. Not my finest craft. Carving, I, hands are just far too big and the font is far too small. I'm a much better gardener. We will meet again. Place the Rod at the entrance of a zenith and say my name. Dr. M.B. Wells, at your service. Oh my, Ms. Spragate, that is the clear marking of an ancient bird I had thought was long extinct. The Quinzacodilus. Its nest should be on the bald side of the shortest peak nearby here. If the fossils I found are any indication, they are one tough beast. Good luck. Deessa, it's so good to see you. Finn here promised you would come. I'm proud of you, Deessa. You've grown to the fierce woman. I, I hope one of me and you are getting along nicely. I hope we safe. Your father and I love you both. And Deessa, murder Gostai for me. Nick, we, we had to do it. We, we had to help him open the zenith. Mr. Happy's power was freed into the Shadowfell. The mountain zenith's been open for a while, that's, and that's bad with the winter zenith closed. Without justice, righteousness and love can be swayed to either side. We gotta open the winter zenith. Will you help me? Welcome to the Roost Hotel and Casino. I am so happy you've returned in one piece. Come, the bellhops will take your things to your rooms. I have something of the utmost importance to talk to you about in the meantime. Come, right this way to the private meeting chamber. Nocturnus, what do we do when we fall? We pick ourselves back up. We rise from our ashes better, my son. One day soon my empire will become yours. We draw our chosen people destined for greatness. And you will become a great and benevolent leader to our people for the greater good. You are destined for greatness. Do not forget that. Swear it to me. Dana, you have bested me in glorious combat. You've got your mother's spirit, but that anger, that can only be your father's. Just like you fire forges to harness that anger and build something with it. Good. It is decided then. You are to become my champion. Carve the name Lox across your weak mortal plane. From here on out, you are a Wolverine. Now get going. There's ass to kick. Tesca, keep your arms straight. Drop your leg. Now lean in with your full weight. There are going to be bigger and better things in your life than this target dummy. But none of them will teach you what it has to offer. Here, at this temple, we await the dawn of a new day. And when it reaches us, we will be ready, body, mind and spirit. Find me after your lesson. Teach me what you've learned. It is an instrument of war. Once used to preserve peace, it can raise mountains and boil oceans. That is your legacy. Be well. You are my paragon. Raise a right as I know you will. And everything's but guaranteed. Ah, Starward, you're a golden tooth. I don't get many moments like this, where by the grace of Bahamud, I am lucid. Anyway, your father and I go way back. You're his spitting image. And if you say this sunless citadel is somewhere in the desert near Dawn Pass, I can bring you to a village where we can await this steward's return. It is the place your father and I spit ways all those years ago. It will be a fitting place for your new orphanage. Protocol HAL. Activate. All right, you bag of bolts. I'm sending you back. You know when. It's what we want in, right? So, armed with my knowledge of the Warforge and your mechanical body, you should have no problem helping Diez have become the paragon I married in. Ay, it's the only way to unlock the anchor of war's true potential. Since Barnabas took it upon himself to involve me in this whole damned cursa time, I'm gonna use it. Scup, together, you and I are gonna fix the whole damned world. Sprocky, it's okay. I know you wouldn't remember. It's okay. I know you would make an amazing alabaster seat. And I've already made it this far, and things are gonna change for the better anyway. We can finally put to rest the ban on T-flings learning magic. The bards are now involved with the covenants. The power of the mantle, it just leads to death anyway. This is the only way to save you. I accept the alabaster mantle of arcane power, and will protect Mardov's covenants as its new alabaster seat. So this is what this feels like. It hurts. Good luck, Sprocky. It's okay. Hoo hoo, what what? I see. So, you managed to travel here to the moon to my study, hoo hoo. If Archimedes wasn't so fond of you, why, there'd be hell to pay. I can see, however, that you are, in fact, trustworthy. It's your pact. It's with, hoo hoo, what what? Juliania. Hmm, I see, Archimedes. She must be the sister of the one bound at Gabriel. Ooh, and Tigress was... Gratz. I see. Well, the question is, hoo hoo hoo, will Rinaldin pick? I shudder in pity for the poor fool, but we're going to need them to bring Juliania and the others back. There's power in all four pact bounds. How we're going to get Tigress to comply is beyond me. But, for now, tea. Tea! Varys, you've finally made your way to me at my refuge. I'd waited a long time for you my knight. Knight of the Dusken Wood. It seems that titles no longer fully encompasses all you are and all you shall become. You wield horn, yes, but you belong to another world. You are the perfect champion for one banners such as I. Stay strong, my knight. You shall crest across this dusken land and show them all true peace. Cassadle, do you know why I brought you back? A special property, a spark of potential that must be nurtured. You were the perfect person to try my hand at remaking. Honestly, twin souls with yourself? You have so many sides to you. I've just done my best to bring them out. From one one-in-four combo to another, take turns in driving. It gets exhausting dealing with the oldie inviting. Nix? Nix, is that you? Mr. Happy said it would be. I'm so happy you're alive. Mother and father spoke. They never spoke of you. But Mr. Happy answered all my questions. You're some kind of hero, right? He said if I was good, then I could talk to you, so I was good. Mother and father like it when I'm good, but they're just scared I'm moving too fast. Mr. Happy says it's because of our deals. I'm going to be good, and I'm going to help people like you. We'll show them we aren't cursed. We're blessed. Because we're connected. You're my sister, but you're also my twin. Nix and Zen, Mr. Happy and your friend. We can do a lot of good together, right? Brigitte, thank you for bringing Sally back to me. I am thankful to have had a friend like you. I keep the forest together while you are gone. No sign of a Wehrmacht town, yet. This place, it reminds me of the forest of Machu, like home. I am happy to keep watch on the children as well. The elves with them are remarkably formal and secretive, but they mean well. You were right to open the fighting pits. They are an excellent training for the battles ahead, as well as excellent entertainment. Take care on your journey. We gotta go. Follow us somewhere, somewhere new, somewhere safe. And most importantly, somewhere very, very far. Some place where the sky doesn't rain with ash. Wait. Boris, Boris, don't give me that look. No, no, no, no, no, no. Gah! You're right. As usual. Ever since you decided to scout out this world, you've been, well, different. Wiser. That's why this time, well, this time we got a shot, I guess. Yeah. We'll fight them out in the open. One prepared army. Hell, we already know the consequences of failure, so I guess we'll just have to fight that much harder to make sure it doesn't happen again. All it takes is just killing the god of death. Fuck. Welcome back to the Roost Hotel and Casino. I'm so happy you've returned in one piece. Come, the bellhops will take you to your place in your rooms. I have something of utmost importance to talk to you about in the meantime.